[[en]onlyC_could_ans]

What studio album did Kanye West record with Roc-A-Fella Records and soul singer Dwele?
What characteristic meaning it's transferable between species, does monkeypox and cowpox virus both share?
How many movies did the "Comic Book Villains" star born on march 20,1970 apprear in since the early 1990s?
In what city did Nancy Winstel coach women's collegiate basketball?
Who is the current drummer of the band who did the song "What Lovers Do"?
Which was published first, Take It Easy or Personal Preference?
Geoffrey Serle wrote a biography about which Australian military commander who planned the Allied attack at the Battle of Amiens in 1918?
Who was born first, Ronnie Radke or Dave Brockie?
What competitions does Lai Shiu Wing team compete participate in? 
What song was on an American radio network that is owned by Disney Channels Worldwide, Inc. is a song by Senegalese-American R&B and rapper Akon? 
What prize was won in 1963by this physicist who was part of the Princeton Three?
Which Danish professional football club that won three Danish championships and five Danish Cup trophies did Keld Bordinggaard play for?
"52nd Street" is a 1978 album that earned two Grammy Awards for which piano-playing songwriter?
What other roles is the director of the American romantic comedy written by Peter Chiarelli and released in 2009 known for?
Which 18th-century canal was longer, the Sandy and Beaver Canal in Ohio or New Jersey's Morris Canal?
Which Turkish leisure airline started operations under its own AOC in April 2011?
Which Genus has more species Eucryphia or Lepidozamia ?
Who is older out of Bob Saget, the American comedian, and Indian director S. Shankar?
Christopher Oscar Pena was recognized by an entertainment-industry brand aimed at what?
Which magazine had more previous names, Watercolor Artist or The General?
Which musician is from Europe, King Diamond or Bob Marley?
Does the genus Cunninghamia or Chilopsis contain only one species?
A scam involving a male calling small town fast-food restaurants and pretending to be a police officer to have them strip search employees was turned into a movie of what name?
Daniel Walcott was selected by the New York Rangers in the 5th round of a NHL draft that was held in what city?
Q: Who had more solo albums, Marty Raybon or Greg Graffin?
Did Billy Corgan's band The Smashing Pumpkins or Greek Fire originate in a more southern location?
Priest Rapids Dam is located near which nuclear production complex?
Erik Wickberg was the general of an army linked to which religious sect ?
Do Lush and P.O.D. both consist of four band members?
What city is the women's Vans Triple Crown of Surfing event hosted at?
Which Native American activist was known for his involvement in the American Indian Movement which addresses incidents of police harassment and racism against Native Americans? 
Are Mirpur University of Science and Technology and University of Debrecen both Universities located outside of the United States?
Which 1962 film starring Tom Courtenay is based on a short story of the same name?
What sort of activist is the author of The Irrational Atheist? 
The series of novels that reference numerous locations and incorporates themes from multiple genres is titled what?
Emily Beecham is best known for her role in a televsion series whose second season premiered on what date?
whodesigned the first theoretical mechanism for the detonation of an atomic bomb and was part of the group of scientists who first discovered nuclear fission?
In what region of Argentina is the city of Gualeguaychu located? 
What English stand-up comedian has a style of comedy full of "stream-of-conscious banter"?
Which band formed earlier, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros or Louis XIV?
Did both Alan Crosland and Chris Columbus work as stage actor?
What town, with a population of 4,688 in 2010, is the KHNK radio station located in?
In the 1973 NFL season, the Pro Bowl took place at what football stadium that is part of the Truman Sports Complex, along with what other stadium?
Gorgoroth is a band based in which Norwegian county?
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game based on a film which was the final film role for who?
What technique does Cam Clarke and Akira have in common?
The technique 'panenka' was first used by a player of what nationality against "Die Katze von Anzing"? 
What tribe was the Megaoryzomys curioi previously in that Nesoryzomys are also in?
Which documentary was created first, The Agronomist or American Scary?
Which composer lived longer, Maurice Ravel or Paul Hindemith?
Dutch-born American businessman, Harry Koch, fathered a son born in 1900 that founded which oil refinery firm?
This expansion of the 2008 magazine article "Is Google Making Us Stoopid?" was a finalist for what award?
The British diver featured in Splash! specializes in what event?
Rimo I and Passu Sar are both part of which mountain range?
With what team did the player who eclipsed Bill Madlock's batting title record for a third baseman win the World Series?
Who has the highest scope in profession in  Rob Thomas or  James Dean Bradfield
How many years in prison did the Norfolk farmer defended by Anthony Scrivener serve?
Which university was established first, University of Washington or Texas Christian University?
Which "Mirrors" actress made her film debut in the 2005 comedy film "Hitch"?
Who was born first Edward Keonjian or Aram Saroyan?
Are both Papa John's Pizza and Papa Gino's specialized in Pizza?
Who has more scope of profession, B. Reeves Eason or Albert S. Rogell?
 John DiMaggio voices the character Shnitzel on Cartoon Network series created by who?
What country is the theme park served by the Huis Ten Bosch train service themed on?
College Humor is a 1933 American pre-Code musical comedy film that starred what American singer and actor who has a trademark warm bass-baritone voice?
This 2016 biographical sports comedy-drama film stars Taron Egerton as a skier who finished last in what events?
Hairy Jeremy was a television show created in a style that, when it uses plasticine, is called what?
Chandgi Ram won a gold medal in 1970 in a continental multi-sport event held at which city ?
What is the name of the murder victim that worked in a restaurant, in which Mark Fuhrman was the detective?
Which film was released first: Sacred Planet or Oz the Great and Powerful?
What memeber of the artistic gymanstic team known as the "Final Five" who won a team gold medal at the Rio games was born on May 25, 1994?
Who was born first, Jaap Speyer or Bruce Conner?
What number album is the first W.A.S.P. album to feature Steven Edward Duren playing guitar?
Thomas Matthew "Tom" Chappell co-founded a commpany in 1970 that manufactures what products?
Ciril Cvetko is the brother of a scholar who participates in what analysis of music?
What was the first role in television for the actress who played Lindsay Lohan's best  friend in the Disney Channel's  original movie "Get a Clue"?
In what year was the Moldavian, later Romanian writer, known for his work "The Goat and Her Three Kids" born?
Did Minersville School District v. Gobitis and Gravel v. United States occur in the same decade?
Who created the show with Wendy Schaal doing the voice of Francine?
Which city was the man who is known for a science humor story based on the tongue-in-cheek combination of two adages born in?
Were Basil Dean and Francis Ford Coppola both alive at some point in time?
 How many acres did this plantation consist of, in which the Honourable The Irish Society was set up to colonise County Londonberry? 
Where are people with ADolf Bestelmeyer's nationality from?
What baseball team, part of the ten-school collegiate athletic conference headquartered in Irving, Texas, was coached by Randy Mazey in 2016?
Who was born first, Krzysztof Zanussi or Thom Andersen?
In addition to Syosset Central, Half Hollow Hills Central, and the school district that has Henry L. Grishman as its superintendent, what other school district is near Hauppauge Union Free School District?
Kung Fu Magoo is a Mexican-American animated action comedy film with an English voice cast star best known for her roll as what in "Naruto"? 
What topic does GeekDad cover that pertains to a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by a privately held company based in Billund, Denmark?
Which case was brought to court first Miller v. California or Gates v. Collier ?
Are Des Moines International Airport and Grand Canyon National Park Airport both major airline hubs?
While at the University of Michigan, Louis Smith played with what American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer?
What is the nickname of the singer with which Castor McCord played with in the 1920s?
What is the name of the actress who has received a Drama Desk award and was part of the cast album for the 2007 Broadway production of the hit musical, "Grease"?
What type of mansion was built for the founder of the company marketed the oil engine under the "Hornsby-Akroyd" name?
In what year did the Irish Politician who led the Introduction of the Constitution of Ireland resign as President of the legitimatist government, the Council of State?
How many daily flights are made by the Thai long-haul low-fare airline (part of the AirAsia Group) headquartered and based at Don Mueang International Airport?
Chancellor Otto von Bismark and Reichstadt agreement were also part of what League?
To what sport does the Atomweight class belong?
Which Grammy Nominated album was created by a band whose members include John Bowman?
Which band has more members, Lawson or American Music Club?
Where is the headquarter of the American multinational chemical corporation who's part is Dow AgroSciences?
What type of movie are Wishing Stairs and Voice?
Which park is further south within Spain, Picos de Europa National Park or Timanfaya National Park?
New York State Route 9R rejoins its parent in a hamlet located  in what New York County?
Whom was the cofounder of Orange County Choppers and appeared with Paul Teutul Sr on American Chopper?
Which airport, Salt Lake City International Airport or Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport, serves as a commercial airline and is closest to it's respective downtown city?
The Birthday of the World: and Other Stories was written by what fantasy and sci-fi author?
Both Andrew and Jeremy Get Married and The Last Lions are what type of films?
Which documentary film follows poetry, Race to Nowhere or SlamNation?
The university which David R. Marchant was a member of in 1994 is located in what city?
Which documentary was filmed first, Almost Sunrise or Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll?
William McGrath was a loyalist from Northern Ireland, and was known for opposing what? 
Brian Olsen was the lst WEC heavyweight champion before the promotion company founded in what month purchased the organization?
Where does the state legislature in which John Coffin Talbot served convene?
What actor, who passed away in 1942 was also the producer of the stage version of the 1940 spy film which stars Boris Karloff and Margaret Lindsay?
What US Airways pilot famously made an emergency landing on the Hudson River and went on to become an Aviation and Safety Expert for CBS News?
When did the University, of which The Dove Marine Laboratory is a part, gain University status ? ?
What is the hometown of Duck Down Music artist and complex rapper Pharaohe Monch?
What is the legal name of Johnny Campbell's hometown?
Jim Jeffcoat is currently an assistant football coach in a university that was founded how many month before Colorado was admitted to the Union ?
At least how many countries does the company that bought Oil Can Henry's operate in?
For what reason did Gustavo Rodolfo Mendoza Hernandex resign to the first Jesuit pope?
Were both Prince and Patty Jenkins have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Marco de la O stars in the title role of El Chapo which premiered on which network in April 2017?
Musical artist Diabolic and Vinnie Paz, who was featured on Diabolic's second studio album Fightin' Words, are both what type of musicians?
Larry Porter was formerly assistant head coach under what  American coach that served as head coach at Louisiana State University from 2005 to 2016
Which sports station was the host of The Late Show, prior to Damien Fahey, an anchor for?
Which documentary film was released first, Chicken Ranch or The End of Suburbia?
John Roger Kirkpatrick Scott was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from a Commonwealth that borders what to the east?
Which species is the most numerous, Podocarpus or Osmunda? 
What championship did the person who substituted for Simon Pagenaud secure a contract to drive in 2017?
The genus containing lions also contains several poorly known what?
The Church of St Peter in Pertenhall, Bedfordshire, England was added to this register on 13 July 1964.
Do both Icehouse pieces and El Grande come from the same game?
Which character did Tamzin Outhwaite play first: Connie (on "Inside No. 9") or Melanie Owen ("EastEnders")?
Who was the president of the Sinn Fein political party during the Hume-Adams Dialogue?
What part of Australia is Alice River and Rupertswood in?
Are Andrew Stevens and Charles Burnett both American?
Which one of Ricardo Rodríguez Saá's relatives would become governor from 1983 to 2001?
Which footballer who is an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Stoke City, has Jim Cassell developed?
Are both William Beaudine and Richard Benjamin American actors?
when was the album that includes the song by Dustin Lynch released to country radio on February 17, 2017?
Who is the sister of Princess Zein and the daughter of a British woman?
What has David Bowie done in The Lodge?
What are the symptoms of the virus identified by Robert Purcell?
What series has Smith worked on that is based on a novel by Margaret Atwood?
Which opera was performed first, Thaïs or Euryanthe?
What is the genus of the viral disease that has symptoms such as fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains, and headaches, and has a chance of causing liver damage?
Who was an American senior operations officer for the Central Intelligence Agency for 30 years and worked for Eclipse Group?
Which 50th Congressional District representative was Brent Roger Wilkes connected to in a scandal?
Who had a longer film career, Harry Sweet or John Biddle?
Which shore does the castle, which Sir James Montgomery, 4th Baronet is the tenth laird of, stand?
That is the nationality of the author who wrote books that featured the character Faline?
The Joggers are a four-piece band whose lead singer is the son of an American chemist who received the highest what?
What Air Base became an airport that is home to the 101st Air Refueling wing of the Maine Air National Guard?
Are Guildford Cathedral and St Paul's Cathedral both located in England?
The lamp used in many lighthouses is similiar to this type of lamp patented in 1780 by Aimé Argand?
What 1997 song was on the Garth Brooks album that debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200?
Which movie came out first, "Bambi" or "Underdog"?
Which minor role did this New Zealand storyboard artist play in the film "King Kong" who will direct the film based on the novel by Philip Reeve?
What award did the actor in Tales from the Crypt win?
Where does the descendant of the Red Setter originate? 
Who was born first, Brooklyn Decker or Andy Roddick?
Which documentary film was released first Tar Creek or Volcanic Sprint?
Which building near Piazza San Fedele is the world's oldest shopping mall?
What 2016 film stars actor Xavier Samuel and an actress who portrayed Vasilisa Dragomir in the film "Vampire Academy"?
What team did Robbie Keane play for after Inter Milan?
Who preceded the man who had the Nassak Diamond cut and placed into the handle of his sword?
Which documentary Hacking Democracy or The Memory of Justice was produced first ?
What type of word play does "What Are Little Girls Made Of?" and "What Are Little Boys Made Of?" have in common?
Broadbent Arena and Freedom Hall are landmarks of which U.S. city?
Which building will have more floors, 15 Penn Plaza, or 247 Cherry?
What channels was the cartoon that Nicholas Boshier developed with Anthony MacFarlane and Jarod Green broadcast on?
Which game was released first, Icehouse pieces or Kill Doctor Lucky?
What show other than Hello Ross did Chelsea Handler appear on in January of 2016
Inserra Supermarkets is a supermarket chain that is a member of what cooperative that was founded in 1946 and based in Keasbey, New Jersey?
The 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acres between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City feature which style of architecture?
The Kellock-Taschereau Commission was appointed by a prime minister who served how long in office?
Which of the four US Presidents who have been assinated was shot on the grounds of the Pan-American Exposition at the Temple of Music in Buffalo, New York?
Shepard Settlement is just south of what major New York city?
Which American BMX rider hosted a show that spun off from "Real World" and "Road Rules"?
Which genus's family comes first alphabetically, Crepis or Isatis?
House of Many Ways is a young adult fantasy novel set in the same world as a novel that was adapted as an animated film of the same name and nominated for what?
Who was a Christian Evangelist and US prisoner of war survivor that was the basis for a film directed by Angelina Jolie?
Which was founded first, University of California, Santa Barbara or Hamdard University?
Kaiser Ventures corporation was founded by an American industrialist who became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding?
In what metropolitan area is the future transfer point for the line previously designated the Bi-County Transitway?
Are Yucca and Rodgersia both perennials?
Where was the author of Thoughts of Machiavelli born?
In the Library with the Lead Pipe, an academic journal on topics about libraries, is abstracted and indexed by this third largest private company in Birmingham, Alabama? 
How many variants are there of the military transport aircraft that the Mercedes-Benz Zetros truck was designed to be compatible with?
Who is the mother of the Texas business man that co-founded Ignite! Learning, Inc?
Mick Carter is the landlord of a public house located at what address?
Which bank has more branches, China CITIC Bank or UniCredit?
Are both Bird Talk and Decibel monthly magazines about birds?
The McKinley Tariff was framed by the representative who was later assassinated in what month?
What is the name of the range of characteristics pertaining to, and differentiating between, masculinity and femininity which Mary Karooro Okurut was appointed to in 2012 as Minister of?
What surrounding river in a Canadian province was Erin Wall born near?
Who was born more recently, Flula Borg, or Dirk Nowitzki?
What role did Veda Hlubinka-Cook have in the making of this 1997 video game that takes place on the Orient Express, days before the start of World War I?
William Sidney Sid Hatfield was the Police Chief of Matewan, West Virginia during a shootout between local coal miners and the Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency that is referred to as what?
What New York City–based hip-hop musical group consists of rappers including Darryl Hill?
What was the alternate slang name for the World War I era grenade that the egg grenade was less awkward than to handle?
Which Bulldog includes breeds such as "Standard" and "Classic," the French Bulldog or the American Bulldog?
Andrew Stanton co-directed which film which featured greedy grasshoppers?
What was the breakthrough role for the English Actor starring in Feed the Beast
Where are Abbey Clancy and Peter Crouch from?
Profile Lake is located at the foot of a mountain that is how many feet tall?
A book that attracted 600 people at a 2015 reading is based on a person who is documented for what attribute of the transgender movement?
What staff member of the editor of "London Review of Books" wrote a semi-fictionalised account of working for her?
The Hip Hop Republican was credited with giving blacks emphasizing traditionalism and capitalism a sense of community during which presidential election?
Sinch when has the rank held by Sir Charles Comyn Egertong been the highest in the British Army?  
What award does Crystal Palace F.C. present, first won by John McCormick and most recently by Wilfried Zaha?
After Patrick Mercer's suspension in April 2014, who won the seat for Newark?
What sport do The Basham Brothers and Doug Basham have in common?
What other notable role did the star actor from Jeremy perform? 
Which band is from England, Fireflight or Dirty Pretty Things?
APB and Sleeper are both from britain?
What documentary has more creators, The Devil Came on Horseback or My Best Fiend?
What relationship does Fred Gehrke have to the 23rd overall pick in the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft?
In the seventh-largest country in Africa, what is the oil prodcution of the city at the mouth of the Congo River?
Who choreographed one who is said to be the last muse for the choreographer and starred in the Nutcracker?
Which director was born more recently, Tony Kaye or Marc Webb?
Dean O'Banion was the main rival of which mobster, known as Scarface?
Július Satinský was born in a city that has a current population of what?
By what type of music was this English composer who collaborated with Ella Mary Leather on "Twelve Traditional Carols from Herefordshire" influenced strongly?
Which has more species, Clianthus or Callicoma?
Are both Miltoniopsis and Strobilanthes examples of a genus?
Philip Despencer's brother was a favorite of which king who was deposed in January of 1327?
What movie is the the Spinning turtle attraction in the worlds 21st largest theme park based off of?
Jimmy Garcia lost by unanimous decision to a professional boxer that challenged for what title in 1995?
Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder: Pronged Ants, Horned Humans, Mice on Toast, and Other Marvels of Jurassic Technology is a book about a museum that is located in which city ?
who has written more than 100 books, Yaşar Kemal or Avram Noam Chomsky?
Who is older, Bertalan Farkas or Hans Schlegel?
What career did the British actor born in 1965  and star of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels have before acting?
Which magazine is published more often, Shonen Jump or Rolling Stone?
Who born earlier, Lewis Terman or  G. Stanley Hall?
What component was included on the iPad4 that is now a registered trademark in Jamaica? 
What material did a hairdresser from Yorkshire, England invent that was named by his granddaughter?
Whose native growing land is more south, Beech or Daviesia?
What type of crab can be grown in a fishery and is known for its sweet and tender flesh?
2002–03 Inter Milan season was marked by the arrival of what retired Argentine footballer?
Which date occurred first the end of Riley Hawk's amateur career or end of production of Skateboard Magazine ?
What is the population of the birth city of Daniela Scalia?
What kind of dinosaur does Raymond Ochoa voice in the Pixar film "The Good Dinosaur"?
Which Company published a magazine that was a hybrid video game/film, Red Herring or GameFan?
The musical composer of Manru was a spokesman for what country's independence?
Eugene Rosenburg, who founded the Hologenome theory of evolution is a microbiologist as what university?
Who was the main vocal of "Set the Fire to the Third Bar"?
Live Acoustic America features a cover of a Beatles song that peaked at what number in the United Kingdom?
The 2011 FA Community Shield annual football match saw Manchester United win the game 3-2 with goals from Nani and this English professional footballer who played as a center-back?
Where is the Bubblegum Alley, that is similar to Gum Wall, located in California?
Which film was released first, Those Calloways or The Happiest Millionaire?
Alexander Borodin wrote what piece of music named after the Kiphchaks and Cumans?
 Jaroslav Seifert and John McGahern were both part of what shared profession? 
What type of media does Locked On and Tom Clancy have in common?
Where is the seminar Jeanne Marie Beaumont directed in 2007-2010 located?
St Dionis Backchurch was rebuilt after a major conflagration that consumed how many parish churches?
Which band formed first, Swervedriver or Incubus?
What 2014 Ottawa Fury goalkeeper coach missed a shot deflected off Ronnie Whelan in the 1987 Football League Cup Final?
Sudha Kheterpal who is  musician best know as the percussionist in Faithless has played with what singer who is recognized at the highest-selling Australian artist of all time by the Australian Recording industry Association?
which film came out first, African Cats or Fun and Fancy Free ?
Who was born more recent.y,Gunnar Nelson or Florence Welch?
What do Eragrostis and Rhexia have in common?
Which former lead guitarist has a solo album named two disc compilation album?
Where Ken Kwapis and John Woo both working on films in the 1980's?
Driven To Perform has a sponsor that includes the electronics store chain from what country?
How many seats does the jet airliner with which Boeing 777X was intended to compete have?
