[[en]onlyA_could_ans]

What star if the Burbs was Canadian?
Are both Adolfo Bioy Casares and James Norman Hall Argentinian authors?
What kind of group does Pinhead Gunpowder and Billie Joe Armstrong have in common?
What was the first air date that the CGI animated series that preceded "Mixels"?  
Who was born first, Karen Joy Fowler or Bruce Chatwin?
Which magazine produces more print editions yearly, Nautilus or TV Guide?
Where is the county seat for people living in Henderson Point, Mississippi?
I Love Melvin is a musical and dancing comedy film starring an American dancer, singer, and actor who co=starred with a talking mule named what? 
The Northern Circuit dates from a year when a King of England married to whom sent his justices on circuit?
Heinrich Gross participated in the Nazi regime's Aktion T4 more commonly referred to as what?
Who was the brother of the architect of Hook and Ladder No. 4 located in Albany, NY?
Back Up n da Chevy was an album by the rap group from what city?
Which of these artists is older, Warrel Dane or Roy Khan?
Are both Yangzhou and Jiangyan District considered coastal cities?
What is the stage name of the former pornographic actress born in 1981 that co-hosted the 26th AVN Awards?  
In regards to Value premium an expert argued that no value premium exisits, what did this expert found?
Which Member of Parliament for Macclesfield was married to Jane Ann Winterton?
What time did a Fox News show formally hosted by the author of "The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism and How Trump Can Drain It" air?
What is the name of the movie that srarred Stev McQueen in the orignal, and Pierce Brosnan in the remake?
June Martino served as bookkeeper for the man who revolutionized what company?
How many Senate seats will be contested during the midterm elections that Nancy Soderberg has filed to run for Congress in?
These three apps that have similar functionality to Google for Education are compatible with what Microsoft file format?
Which refers to more breeds, Stabyhoun or Griffon Bruxellois?
Does Jimmy Barnes have more hits, both solo and in a group, than Yang Seung-ho has with his group?
Among the prominent members of the Walla Walla expeditions was member of tribe whose reservation is how many square miles in total?
WWE Super Tuesday took place at an arena that currently goes by what name?
Are Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport and Sawyer International Airport located in Europe?
Which group of outlaws from the 1890s shares a name with a Yugoslav rock band?
IS Universidad de Oriente part of the same public university system as California State University, Dominguez Hills?
Has Lasse Hallström gotten more Academy Award nominations than Dionciel Armstrong?
The Trappist Abbey of Achel produces and sells what as an "Authentic Trappist Product"?
 What type of television show did Dylan Everett star in, in 2015?
Which author was a dentist, Zane Grey or Bhabananda Deka?
What is the familiar name for the first operation in the Battle of Normandy, also codenamed Operation Overlord?
Stray Arrows: A Collection of Favorites is the first compilation album released by an American alternative metal band that formed in what Chicago suburb?
Which channel produced the ninth volume of the tv series that premiered as the same date as RuPaul's first album?
What rule-class city of 26,595 contains the neighborhood Plainview?
Has Stefan Edberg won more events than  Édouard Roger-Vasselin?
What is the start date of this tour that was the third concert tour by an American singer-songwriter and was completed in support of the album Red?
What Deepdale area football club did Andy Pilling play for?
Who can play more instruments, Michael Monroe or Alison Goldfrapp?
William Pery served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard under the lord who served in what position from 1865 to 1868?
Loch Shiel is part of the river that drains into the sea near the castle that sits west of what town?
Kevin Alejandro was part of the cast of the 2015 American drama film written and directed by whom?
Who has more scope of profession, Phil Rosen or  Delmer Daves?
How large is the shopping mall where KGOT radio station has its studios ?
Which writer was ordained to priesthood, W. Somerset Maugham or Thomas Merton?
Travis McGee was a precursor to what contemporary mystery protagonist in a series that has been on multiple best seller lists?
Rafe Hernandez is a fictional character who played with Chrishell Stause's charachter on Days of our live?
When did the place in Canada where François Beaucourt (1740-1794) was mainly active acquired its present name?
SMS Emden mounted a symbol on her stem-head from what Kingdom?
Which musician was born first, Constantine Orbelian or Lili Chookasian?
What is the setting for the animated sitcom which Michael Polcino's brother Dominc works on?
What year was the major Roman road built that connects to the port that is now in the "comune" of Bacoli?
Which reservation is located in Hill and Chouteau and named after the principal leader of the Montana Chippewa-Cree?
What is the Latin name for one of the five "big cats" that the word "Panther" may refer to when outside of the Americas?
IS Paul Sloane noted for directing more musicals than  Jacques Demy
What was the nickname of the hitman hired by an Italian American Criminal Organization?
Who was born first out of  Thomas Carr and Joyce Wieland?
What movie studio produced The Benchwarmers, which starred Rob Schneider and Napoleon Dynamites lead actor, Jon Heder?
Pulsed Pressure Cavitation Technique was developed at a natioal laboratory sponsored by what U.S. department?
In what basketball position does the brother of Saulius Kuzminskas play?
Heinrich Marschner was a composer who performed in the time frame after one of the first significant composers in what school of work?
Finna Get Loose is a song by Puff Daddy and what American rapper who is also a record and film producer?
The twenty-first season of South Park was entitled "White People Renovating Houses" is which episode of the series overall?
What machine has the same name as another machine created by Ludwig Boltzmann?
When was the father of the professional ice hockey player with the middle name "Fosgaard" born?
what is the english name of Émile Verdets editorial?
What scientist as well as a practising Roman Cathloic described the electronic voice phenomena as typically brief, usually the length of a work or short phrase?
The R241 road is in a county in what Republic?
Are Mina Loy and Raymond Carver both British writers?
How many rooms are in the hotel that is home to the Cirque du Soleil show Mystere?
Which magazine began publication first, Reunions magazine or Money?
Are Wolfgang Becker and Jacques Audiard both German film directors?
Who signed into law the act made to lower barriers to adoption?
What is the name of the umcoming horror film adaptation starring Melanie Griffiths daughter?
When they were formed, did The Fatima Mansions or Nude have more members?
What type of product is the sponsor of the Premiership Rugby Sevens SeriesSeries ? 
What was the name of the team that represented an Arizona university in the conference that covers a broad expanse of the western United States, including Arizona, California, and New Mexico?
Who released their debut album first, Daisy Chainsaw or Generationals?
Who was born first, Johan Leysen or George Clooney?
Caste starred what English character actress who was nominated for an Academ Award for her performance in Room at the Top?
What year did the VIacom subsidary, Paramount Pictures make the silent film Through the Glass Window?
When was the British economic historian who established "The Economic History Review" born? 
did Robert Wise have more award nominations than Zoltan Korda?
Ali Eren Balıkel started a restaurant which hosted a number of famous figures including an English actor who won three consecutive what?
Bethpage State Parkway begins with an interchange at which Long Island-based limited access highway?
Does Shengzhou have more former names than Linchuan District?
What took place first, The Korean War or The Western Allied invasion of Germany?
which plant has the highest specie  Panicum or Populus 
What is Old Orchard Shopping Center currently called?
An Austrian-British psychoanalyst born in 1882 and innovative in object relations theory was also rigorous about what other type of therapy?
Were both Tom Gullikson and Jürgen Melzer professional Austrian tennis players?
Where was the only European Cup Final in which Jupp Heynkes played held?
Matthew Wright was selected with pick #33 in the AFL draft that took place during what date in 2009?
Where is the location of Liberty Square park in Disneyland California?
Which composer was a French Romantic composer in the 1800's, Hector Berlioz or Gaetano Donizetti?
The W. H. Shipman House is in what Hawaii county?
What Argentinian retired defensive midfielder, and current manager of C.D. Guadalajara, was traded to Parma alongside Sérgio Conçeicão at the end of the 1999–2000 season? 
The teaching method that Maggie Gripenberg was the first to introduce to Finland is used to teach what?
Jaclyn Stapp is married to the former frontman of a band that disbanded in what year?
How many albums have been sold by the singer who released the 2002 single "Sk8er Boi"?  
Sand Mountainis part of the southern tip of a mountain chain in which part of North America ?
The Toyota FJ Cruiser is built by this Toyota subsidiary which is a leading producer of what type of trucks in Asia?
What was the other single from Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman's band's 1975 album, besides "I'm Not in Love"?
Which director had the longest career, Alain Resnais or Scott Sidney?
Onika Tanya Maraj is a judge on a television show hosted by whom? 
Are the writing from Maurice Level and Alice Hoffman focused on different audieces?
This aircraft carrier served as a recovery ship for this flight which circled the earth how many times?
 Which album did the band Kraftwerk release after their successful album which reached number 25 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart?
Oklahoma State Cowboys are part of what NCAA Division?
Which magazine was first published earlier, The Chronicle of Philanthropy or Skeptic?
What is the name for what was formerly called Grenier Army Air Field which is located in the two communities of Manchester and Londonberry?
Who has more productions under their belt Ridley Scott or Elmer Clifton?
What is unique about the forum an American poet, memoirist, and civil rights activist spoke at?
The Legendary A&M Sessions contain five songs by the singer whose work was conducted with what band?
The Synod of Chester led to the battle of the same name that took place in what time period?
The uncle of Paul Capellani died at a military operation during a battle was fought between who?
Where do both the New Jersey Devils and the Seton Hall Pirates play?
Charles Barton "Chuck" Kendall, Jr. was reportedly interested in purchasing the Los Angeles Clippers from which Jewish-American businessman?
Who has released more studio albums, Candlelight Red or Motion City Soundtrack?
What division of Mexican football is the team that Jesús Daniel García Esparza currently plays for?
The board member of Goldman Sachs also founded a company with a man who co-founded what? 
The man Tony Bennet called "The Father of Rock and Roll" once toured with what singer who once auditioned for "Junior Junction", and landed a recording contract in her teens?
Do Bloody Mary and Sidecar share any ingredients in common?
Who was the last monarch of England to be overthrown before The English General Election, 1690?
Who covered the song I Love You by Chris Write?
The son of former Giants co-owner Bob Tisch worked with who to produce The Testimony?
What brother of Stanley Alan Van Gundy is a color commentator for ESPN?
Are Southwest Florida International Airport and Henry E. Rohlsen Airport both in Florida?
Midland F1 Racing was a racing team that, in 2007, competed under what name for sponsorship reasons?
What produces the hormone that promotes sodium retention in the distal nephron?
Which American musician and songwriter was born earlier, Adam Duritz or Cherie Currie?
When did the person for whom Tubman University was named serve as President of his country?
Are both Lygodium or Maxillaria a genus of orchids?
Are Sandy Mayer and Billy Martin both more successful at doubles than singles, in terms of tournament wins?
How long is the bridge in the Öresund Region that connect Copenhagen, Denmark and Malmo, Sweden?
The University of the Pacific Tigers are led by which American retired professional basketball player and the current head men's basketball coach at the University of the Pacific?
Radha Jayalakshmi and the Priya sisters were both duo's in what music style? 
Which mathematician worked with algebraic geometry instead of probability theory, Askold Khovanskii or Andrey Kolmogorov?
Phil Urban CEO of Mitchells & Bustlers manages what in the United Kingdom?
What is the date of the reissue of one of Rhihanna's album that features three newly recorded songs and a DVD showing exclusive behind-the-scenes footage of Rihanna's worldwide tour that was the second overall and first world concert tour by Rihanna?
who is younger Ulrich Walter or  Luca Parmitano?
Who were the guns stolen from the HMS ship "Marlin" originally produced for?
What group of people are described as semi-nomadic and speak the Semitic language ? 
With whom did Lever Brothers merge to create an Indonesian soap factory?
Between Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport and Long Island MacArthur Airport, which airport is owned by a higher government?
What was the 15th comedy album by the star of the 1960s series I Spy?
Phil Ruffin, an American businessman born in 1935, owned a greyhound racing track called the Wichita Greyhound Park in which state?
Which magazine was founded first Science News or High Times ?
What occupation was shared by David Yates and Pietro Germi?
What Irish county are the band that had a concert tour called the In Blue Tour?
What is the alcohol content of the drink normally consumed alongside Rippchen?
Which 2009 animated film is from Japan, Summer Wars or The Secret of Kells?
What man won an Academy Award for his work on a drama based on the life of Rocky Graziano?
What does the organization associated with Carl Wieland believe about anything other than the young earth view? 
Kate Ashfield plays what role in the 2004 British horror comedy film about a zombie uprising?
Lou Pai is a former executive of an energy company that went bankrupt in what year?
Thomas Fitch defended John Henry Holliday when he was accused of killing men during the gunfight at the o.k. corral, when was that?
Is there fruit juice in both a Fizz and a Painkiller cocktail?
What program did this Basham brother who appeared with World Wrestling Entertainment between 2002 and 2007 participated in 2007?
The star of "The Inkwell" also starred in what 1993 movie as O-Dog?
Which actresses appeared with the mother of Robert Lowery Hanks in the film "Little Women"?
What type of conflict does Nathaniel Starbuck and Bernard Cornwell have in common?
What actor's debut film also starred an actor who received four National Film Awards and eight Filmfare Awards, as well as an Academy Award nomination?
Which writer of French descent actually lived in France, Maurice Level or John Dufresne?
The revue Putting It Together was devised by Stephen Sondheim and what actress best known as Miss Marple?
In which city is the ambassador of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra administrative region to China based?
Were both of the following rock groups formed in California: Dig and Thinking Fellers Union Local 282?
Which is in the pop genre, Capital Cities or Tweaker?
Are Power Grid and Vanished Planet both cooperative board games?
What is the translation of the name of the river on which Widnes is located ?
Are Über Goober and American Jobs both documentaries about gaming?
Which Sudanese-born Australian professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks exemplifies that players do not have to play at least a year in college basketball before being drafted into the NBA?
What day of the week does the Korean cooking-variety program featuring the owner of "Dear. bread" air?
Which town is named after the developers of Monmouth Heights at Manalapan?
what are the low sea stacks in the Shetland Islands called?
What breed of dog are the Basset Bleu de Gascogne and the Beagle?
How is Christopher Buckley related to the founder of "National Review" magazine?
In what event was Harold Davis a former record holder, but now is held by Usain Bolt?
What was the significance of the lions, about whom a fictionalized account provided the basis of the film, The Ghost and the Darkness?
Are Philip Cortez and Julian Castro democratic or republican?
Where was the film set in which the daughter of Shashi Kapoor, along side Sarat Pujari and Navni Parihar, set?
Who is the film dedicated to that Paramount Classics and MTV Films co-purchased the rights to?
The actor who appeared on Charlotte's Shorts and Weeds was born in what year?
What is the mononym of the Fillipino singer that released the album "My Inspiration"?
Who produced the 2015 film starring Jesse Eisenberg, Gabriel Byrne, Isabelle Huppert, David Strathairn, and Amy Ryan?
Which band, Letters to Cleo or Screaming Trees, had more members?
Who has released more solo albums, Nick Carter or Brady Seals?
What is the nickname of Stephan Lichtsteiner that refers to the character from the 1994 American comedy-drama film based on the novel by Winston Groom?
What fictional character created by Tom Clancy was turned into a film in 2002?
Which film was released first, Jawbreaker or Havenhurst?
Yau Ma Tei North is a district of a city with how many citizens?
Are Yoo-hoo and Faygo both carbonated drinks?
SpongeBob SquarePants 4D: The Great Jelly Rescue was a sequel to which cel-shaded film found at aquariums and theme parks?
Who voices Homer Simpson's character on the animated television series? 
Which pirate-themed Las Vegas resort is one of many developed by Steve Wynn?
Were Ilya Ehrenburg and Harold Robbins both translators?
One Raffles Place is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore and tallest in the wolrd outside North America until it was succeeded by a Building in city?
What university in India hosts a literary festival which has had as a previous invitee the former Union Minister of Panchayati Raj?
The Carlsberg Group brews a Belgian beer originally made by monks of what order?
Who did a new permanent member on the fourteenth season of  So You Think You Can Dance play in High School Musical?
 Hamilton Evans "Tony" James is the COO and director of the largest alternative investment firm in what?
How many film were there in the series of comedy films for which Peter Rogers is best known ?
Is Rutgers University or Brown University public?
What are both Caleb Shomo and Brian Welch?
Which South African anti-apartheid archbishop was part of the actions against the ruling National Party government?
What production company is owned by the director of "She Hate Me"?
What genre of music is Adnan Sami noted for playing on the piano created through a trapezoid-shapped hammered dulcimer?
Which band had more members, Semisonic or Cake?
which Soviet Russian cellist.did Anton Ginsburg work best known as accompany 
Which satellite was operational for longer, International Ultraviolet Explorer or EXOSAT?
Who was the lead french actor who starred in the 1986 film that inspired a Stella Artois ad campaign?
Which author found inspiration in their career prior to writing, Hart Crane or John le Carré?
The American Astronomical Society presents an award named after what New Zealand astronomer?
What was the other name of the textile mill on which The Mill was based on?
Rob is an American sitcom that starred what American actress who was best known for portraying Yolanda Saldivar in the film Selena?
What was the title of the failed magazine that preceded and inspired the The Science Fiction League?
which persons private jet called Trump Force One which is built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes and is the manufacturer's largest single aisle passenger aircraft that is produced from 1981 to 2004?
Was Lee Grant or Colin Campbell born first?
Which astronaut, Jean-François Clervoy or Ulrich Walter, was born first?
How many albums had been recorded by Talking Heads by November, 1980?
What prolific English engineer, who died on 15 December 1857, contributed to the advent of the hot air engine by way of their open cycle devices?
What river runs near the tidal island of Eilean Tioram?
Bride of the Regiment was later remade into a 1948 film starring the actress and pin-up girl who was the highest-salaried American woman in which two years?
Which band, Matthew Good Band or Switchfoot is still together?
Robert Suettinger was the national intelligence officer under which former Governor of Arkansas?
Which terrorist group was the cause of the battle in which Mark E. Michell won an award for his actions?
Ferdinand Zvonimir von Habsburg is the eldest son of the head of which House
What type of place does Regency Road, Adelaide and Klemzig, South Australia have in common?
Are Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Hill both American?
What was the other Los Angeles team that the 1999 Clippers top draft pick played for and won two championships with?
Cardinal Pole Roman Catholic School was named after the last Roman Catholic to hold what position?
Who has a wider scope of profession,  José Echegaray or Graham Swift?
Kenneth Arnold reported the first unidentified object sighting in what city and state in 1947?
Which season did Brain Billick coach the Baltimore Ravens though in 2001?
University of Wisconsin–Madison and University of Notre Dame are both what?
Are Harry Kizirian and Howard Kazanjian known for the same industry?
Is Ordos City more west than Yangzhong?
What films were the basis for "Family Guy" and the character of Peter Griffith? 
What sub-genre of heavy metal describes the band "It's Alive"?
John Wickham Legg was recommended by Jenner for the post of medical attendant to which eighth child and youngest son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha?
Which band was formed first, Wire or Young the Giant?
"The Simpson's" episode featuring the  "Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie" show satirized the world of television production just as the episode featuring the "Itchy & Scratchy & Marge" satirized what type of issue?
When was the judge born who made notable contributions to the trial of the man who tortured, raped, and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on the night of July 13-14, 1966?
The not-for-profit company which owns a Mark VI monorail was assisted in bond financing by whom?
What position did Ernest Newman hold at Her Majesty's Royal Palace and Fortress?
What is the manufacturer of the car used by the Ford CD2 platform's design inspiration?
In which of the largest surviving medieval old towns in Europe is the Vilnius Cathedral located?
Do Cathy Berberian and Dickran Tevrizian share the same profession ?
Russia Soviet pianist, composer and teacher, Tatiana Nikolayeva taught what Polish pianist and music educator?
Which genus contains more species, Laurus or Syzygium?
What time did the show, in which Gordon Burns was the host, usually air on Monday?
What is the population of the settlement that is next smaller than the city with a population of 67,038 on the Argentine side of Tierra del Fuego?
The Black Star Line was a part of the Marcus Garvey movement that was also known by what names?
In what administrative category are the cities of Beitun, Xinjiang and Wafangdian?
The Red Queen's Race is a science fiction short story that uses the Red Queen's race from a novel by Lewis Carroll that is the sequel to what?
What kind of musician does Robert Plant discography and John Bonham have in common?
Sam Quartin starred in which movie, alongside a controversial singer whose stage name combines the names of Marilyn Monroe and Charles Manson?
The Bart the Fink episode of The Simpsons aired in February of 1996, and involves the host of which kiddie show?
Works by Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis are part of a collection in a museum that houses approximately 65,000 what?
In which war was the Meuse-Argonne Offensive executed?
Jessica Lee, former MP for Erewash, served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the experienced representative for Beaconsfield, when he held which office?
Which writer also enjoyed boxing, Amy Tan or Norman Lindsay?
In what Country is Sul America Esporte Clube in?
What city did the musician whose debut album shares its title with the 1959 Alfred Hitchcock hail from?
What National Hockey League (NHL) season saw the Dallas Stars finish the season in a lower position than the Nashville Predators?
Who stared as the "father of the atomic bomb" in a 1980 television miniseries?
Are Broughtonia and Perilla both types of mint?
When did the war crime against communists that occurred before Ganghwa massacre happened? 
Which film came out first, Still Kicking: Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity or Time Bombs?
What year did The Chronicle of Philanthropy's publishing overlap with Antic?
Ara Berberian sand for which role an opera by Giuseppe Verdi?
Temagami-Lorrain Mine and Burwash Mine were both mines created during the early 1900s; which one yielded a 16-ton bulk sample of gold ore in 1935?
Bartlett's Bridge was built by the engineer who worked for the county seat of which Massachusetts county?
Are Freakonomics and In the Realm of the Hackers both American documentaries?
Where is the Cocoa Krispies and former Superman sponsor located?
which is traditionally drunk before retiring to bed, Hot toddy or Kir?
Charles Haughey held what position when he dissolved the list of members who were elected to the lower house of the Oireachtas of Ireland on 25 May 1989?
How many years was the politician coauthor of Common Sense, subtitled A new constitution for Britain an MP for?
Bullewijk metro station is part of a mixed rapid transit and light rail system that is how many km long?
Zhangye and Nan'an, Fujian are both located where?
What is the main base for the parent company of LATAM Express?
Did both the Beaulieu Mine and Colomac Mine fall into bankruptcy?
Are Columbia University and University of Colorado both private universities? 
What was the previous name of the Italian town that is about 15 kilometres from a former Cistercian monastery?
What former Los Angeles Lakers majority owner is the father of Jeanie Marie Buss?
Which American politician was the 61st Governor of Maryland and had help on his first campaign in 1998 from Richard Burton?
