[[en]everyone_could_ans]

In what year was the singer who popularized "I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning" born?
Where was the artist behind "Shit" born and raised?
Who wrote Tom Vaughan's popular 2008 film?
In between The Bears and I and Oceans which was released on July 31, 1974, by Buena Vista Distribution?
Elizabeth Austin wrote for a fitness magazine founded by who?
Richard Burton became involved in a mayoral campaign for a politician that previously served as the Mayor of Baltimore during what time period?
What singer-songwriter from Derry appeared on Paul van Dyk's 2012 album, Evolution?
Cowie Castle at Stonehaven, and Allardice Castle near Inverbervie, are part of a coastal chain of castles in Scotland overlooking which sea?
Are Control Room and Meeting Resistance both documentary films that involve Iraq?
Which genus is native to arid or semi-desert areas, Alopecurus or Echeveria?
Who was the director of the 1987 American psychological thriller film in which the actor, who played Bob Charles in "Not Necessarily the News", appeared?
When was the host of "British Academy Television Awards 2009" born? 
In what city did Jack J. Stephans coach from 1979 to 1980?
Which was Disney's 2nd animated production, Pinocchio or Home on the Range?
The singer known as the "Ballad Prince" was on a romantic comedy that aired on what state-run channel from August 11 to September 30, 2010?
The Secret of Moonacre was directed by the founder of which animation studio?
Faruk Halibegovic was born in what city that is the capital and largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina with a population of 275,524?
Who was the first Russian composer to make a lasting impression internationally, Alessandro Scarlatti or Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
What river runs along the neighborhood where Ashley Estes Kavanaugh's wedding was held?
What classical music written by a Russian composer did Sia heavily sample?
Just Before I Go stars an actress who plays what character in the series "24"?
What stadium does the team who has Kent Baer as the defensive coordinator play its home games?
"Show 'Em (What You're Made Of)" is a song written by a group of people including an American singer/songwriter who was inducted into what on April 10, 2015?
Who was the wife of the president when William Bainbridge started his career?
Ross Pople worked with which English composer known for his opera "The Midsummer Marriage"?
Which town in New Hampshire with a population of 5,457 in 2010 is located by Mount Monadnock?
What type of sport does Sergio Casal and Manuel Orantes have in common?
Which was formed first, the duo Big & Rich or Lonestar?
Who produced the 1998 British comedy starring the director of the feature film "Eddie the Eagle"?
Where did the free agent quarterback acquired for the 2015 Buffalo Bills season play college football at?
Finity's End was written by which American writer?
Are both Schweizerischer Niederlaufhund and Portuguese Podengo dog breeds from Portugal?
The Carnaval del Pueblo is Eurpoe's largest celebration of what expression of the people of Latin America?
Which company is based in Kentucky, Vocelli Pizza or Fazoli's?
Which jazz singer has a 2003 album entitled The Boy Next Door? 
What is the nationality of the man who finished third in the 2016 Pau Grand Prix?
In what city does the most successful American and international five-and-dime business have a historic building?
Which magazine has been around longer, Guitar World or Golf Digest?
What was the name of the lawyer who took the main role in the report that helped land Pete Rose a lifetime suspension from baseball?
Which American novelist was notable primarily for publishing science fiction, Allen Drury or Philip K. Dick?
What created the terrirtories of Kansas and Nebraska and was combated by the The Republican Party?
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was written by an Italian physicist that has worked in France since what year?
Maine State Route 111 connects Alfred to Biddenford but what county is Alfred in?
What film directed by David Greene did Merrell Jackson play an apostle in?
At which university does the biographer of John Clare teach English Literature?
What year was the player the Los Angeles Clippers aquired from the Atlanta Hawks born?
What British rock band released the album Brothers in Arms in 1985 which also featured a song with the same title?
Which genus contains more species, Ortegocactus or Eschscholzia?
What nationality was the inventor of the Alexander Technique for retraining the mind and body to avoid muscular tension?
Love Thy Neighbor starred an AMerican actor who was best known for his role as Jack Tripper on what sitcom?
Carroll County, Ohio is named after the only Catholic signatory to the Declaration of Independence, who is he?
What was the capital of India when the Taj Mahal was commissioned?
Are both Jonathan Marray and Wayne Black British?
Are Fastbacks and Local Natives both from the same US state?
Which publication still relies on paper printing, Human Events or Texas Highways? 
Who created and mostly wrote the show that Idris Akuna Elba played Stringer Bell in?
Who will Billy Howle be seen opposite in the upcoming British drama film directed by Dominic Cooke?
Are Greater Swiss Mountain Dog and Harrier both dog breeds?
 The A5117 runs between Shotwick and a village with a 2011 population of what?
Are Broughtonia and Laeliocattleya both orchids?
Which genus has more species in it, Othonna or Stangeria?
Candace Flynn was voiced by the actress who achieved mainstream success on what show?
What is the birth year of the rapper who made The Cold Corner 2?
Which South Korean film about an affair between an attractive thirty-two-year-old woman and a youth just short of legal majority premiered at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival?
What profession do Raj Kapoor and Mike Cahill share?
What military organization does SS China Maru and Douglas SBD Dauntless have in common?
Who created the British television series to which Tofu was a sister series focusing on a range of sex attitudes in the twenty-first century from the viewpoint of everyday people?
Hudson Austin formed a military government with himself as chairman to rule Grenada, after the killing of a Grenadian politician who was the leader of what movement that was an effort in the areas of socio-economic development, education, and black liberation?
The Argentine National Anthem was adopted 3 years after which event that led to the removal of Viceroy Baltasar Hildalgo de Cisneros?
Which band, A Silent Film or The Frames, has more members?
Which restaurant chain's headquarters is further north, Pizza Inn or Papa Gino's?
Anna Lewandowska is married to a footballer who plays for what club?
Which was released first, The Greatest Game Ever Played or Hot Lead and Cold Feet?
When was the anthology, in which fisrt pages of The Incal" were released, created?
Which opera has more acts, Parsifal or Manon by Massenet?
Are both Delmer Daves and Jean-Pierre Jeunet film directors?
Which genus has more species, Leitneria or Tricyrtis?
Charlie McDermott plays Axl Heck on a tv show that premiered in what date? 
The HMS Seraph is most famous for a WWII operation intended to cover the allied invasion of Sicily in what year?
Radio On: A Listener's Diary is the first book by an author that voiced what character in the film "The Incredibles"?
Who produced a song, written and performed by Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson, which was included on an album titled "Pipes of Peace"?
What edition of tennis' US Open was the 2017 US Open when Petra Kvitova was a quarterfinalist?
An American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears was a star of a game released when?
A relative of the emu is native to which continent?
Are both "Cooking Light" and "Vibe" magazines?
Who was born first, George Kuchar or Arthur Penn?
Hotride is the fifteenth single released by what music group from Braintree, Essex, that was formed in 1990?
Were Shadows Over Camelot and Battle Sheep released by the same publisher?
Who founded the honky tonk that is at the center  of John Travolta's  third major acting role?
Por Baazar contains a cameo by an Indian film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, playback singer, and television host, who was born to Javed Akhtar and who?
Is Velvetpark or Shape magazine written more for a lesbian and queer-identified female readership?
The members of the von Trapp musical group are related to which woman who wrote "The Story of the Trapp Family Singers"?
Are both genera Silphium and Heliotropium, genera of flowering plants ?
Are Jim Lindberg and Alison Moyet singers of the same nationality?
Angelo Francesco Lavignino scored a 1965 English-language Spanish-Swiss co-produced film that was directed by and also starred who?
How long did the state exist whose army ransacked and looted the city, Halebidu, twice in the 14th century ?
Rex Riot is known for a remix of the Kanye West song that was from which album?
Who wrote the tragic play which also has a 1968 film with a soundtrack by Nino Rota?
Were Frank R. Strayer and Krzysztof Kieślowski both Directors?
Do the drinks Gibson and Zurracapote both contain gin?
What year was the Leeds football club, which Arthur Hydes played, formed? 
Minor league baseball games that were played between the rivalling teams of the Sooners and the Cowboys were played at the stadium formerly known as what?
What is the birthdate of this King of Italy, claiming thrones of Ethiopia and Albania and father of Princess Yolanda of Savoy?
Are Dennis Locorriere and Maja Ivarsson both lead singers?
Who coached the Indians and was the first Native American to win a gold metal his home country?
Who directed the film Leigha Kayleen Hancock is best known for?
In what city did Jennifer Paige Chambers appear with the creator of the characters Jiminy Glick and Ed Grimley?
What year did Francesca Caccini's father die?
What was the the origin of the player that the Bull's traded with 76ers during the 1999-2000 midseason?
What was built near the residential neighborhood of Ramsay, Calgary in 1983?
Where was the private university that Alan Hurwitz served as the 10th President located?
Which actress is "Beyond Rangoon" was also in "True Romance" and "Ed Wood?"
are Mikhail Glinka and Jean-Baptiste Lully both composers ?
What Polish pioneer in watchmaking was an associate of Wincenty Gostkowski?
Where is the headquarters for the service broadcaster the show Tenko is on?
The star of "Lady in a Cage" was born in what year?
What was the official religion of the lands of the husband of Dorothea of Denmark, Duchess of Prussia?
Prior to playing for Michigan State, Keith Nichol played football for a school located in what city?
What was the population at the 2010 census of the city which, along with Clayton, is covered by the Mount Diablo Unified School District?
What county is the congressional district that Hansen Clarke was a U.S. Representative for in?
In what country does the director of Shirin in Love, live?
The 59th Infantry Division covered the deployment of the 35th Infantry during the Allied operation during what war?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Christopher Guest or  Roman Karmen?
The 1978 NBA World Championship Series had as MVP which Hall of Fame class member of 1988?
Have Marc Rosset and Max Mirnyi both been professional tennis players?
Which bay in the Irish Sea is located Wales's first offshore wind farm?
In what year was the college that Cal Hovde served as dean for founded?
What cuisine is described as a cultural blending of Mediterranean influences (such as those created by Italian and Spanish populations)?
What is the length of the river into which Pack Creek runs after it goes through the Spanish Valley? 
Co-Dependents' Day is an episode of a tv show season which began when?
Little Brown Stein is a rivalry trophy that imitates a mug made out of what item?
John Rhys-Davies played General Pushkin in the Bond Film that starred whom as James Bond?
What music school did the singer of The Search for Everything: Wave One attend?
What county is Ron Teachworth from?
What is the name of the number-one single featuring the winner of Celebrity Apprentice 3?
Who is writing a book about the Koch family who control the second-largest privately owned company in the United States?
What musical was inspired by the films that included Ruth Leuwerik's best known role?
Are Wake Forest University and Pennsylvania State University both located in the US?
Matt McKenzie had a role on the television show that focused on the lives of teenage friends from what Wisconsin town?
Stronger Together was used for the campaign comprised of the Vice Presidential candidate who was a Senator from what state?
Which actor does American Beauty and American Beauty have in common?
Ben Folds and Nic Offer are both considered to be which type of artists?
Which singer has been in more music bands, Michael Crafter or Martin Degville?
Which British Indian novelist and essayist did Anthony Burgess address in a lengthy letter?
How many legs does the animal, in which Karl Kraepelin discusses in "Scorpiones und Pedipalpi," have?
The Last Run is a drama film that stars which Lithuanian-American actor?
A play that was first performed on February 16th, 1728, at the Theatre Royal, was written by an English novelist who was also the author of what novel?
Who was born first, Lawrence Ferlinghetti or Luigi Pirandello?
Where was the second World Junior Ice Hockey Championship in which Miroslav Přerost coached the men's national junior ice hockey team hosted?
Who performed on an album named "Runaljod - Ragnarok" and a film named "Flukt"?
Are Tim Rice and Kathy Acker both from America?
What is the brand who makes canned meats that had its own cook off in Austin until 2007?
What is older, Downfall or Dark Tower?
Are Dogo Cubano and the Dutch Shepherd both breeds of dog?
Thomas Parker Sanborn was a model for the protagonist in the only novel by a poet originally from what country?
Who was born first, Sathish Kalathil or Jacques Feyder?
Who wrote the 1970 international hit song Murray Head is most recognized for?
Are David O. Russell and Tony Gatlif from the same country?
What country is home to both Guadarrama National Park and Doñana National Park? 
In what year was Kasper Schmeichel's father born?
This American crime film set in South Los Angeles was written and directed by the same director and writer of screenwriter of "Street Kings", "End of Watch", "Sabotage", "Fury" and what other film? 
In what city did Brian Mannal convene when he was a member of the 188th and 189th General Court?
What is the 2010 population of the city 2.1 miles southwest of Marietta Air Force Station?
Kim Jong-hyun's first studio album was distributed by whom?
A wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts played college football for a team that represents the University of Oklahoma, which belongs to what conference?
Who lived longer- Bernard-Marie Koltès or Philip José Farmer?
In what year was the singer whose second remix album was "Hannah Montana Hits Remixed" born?
Which American band from Knoxville Tennessee released the album From Birth to Burial?
Are Chumbawamba and Spin Doctors from the same country?
Which state in Southern Africa, whose capital is located in Salisbury, hosted the Currie Cup in which John David McPhun played?
Which composer was also a teacher, Philip Glass or Franz Schreker? 
When was the stadium that held the 2015 Magyar Kupa demolished?
Mick Chatterton's best season was in 1969 finishing 16th place for the year in the oldest established what?
Thehickey  team that won the 1997 Calder Cup playoffs is based in what city?
Stephen Smith appears on ESPN First Take alongside which HBO boxing commentator?
Who conceived the rapid transit system that Klemzig Interchange is a part of?
Renzo Gracie has a victory over the UFC champion who was one of the pioneers of what sports organization?
Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster was succeeded by the British aristocrat who is estimated to be worth how much?
To which taxonomic category do both Hyacinthoides and Anthriscus belong?
Who is the American actress performed "Take On The World" with Sabrina Carpenter?
The seventh largest inhabited island in Hawaii has what remote wild beach?
What theme park was seen as a competitor for Ocean Park Hong Kong and opened in September 2005?
Which band was formed at an earlier date, Unwritten Law or Jon Spencer Blues Explosion?
When was the magazine Sam Duckworth got his name Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly from launched?
What type of profession do Dave Pirner and Les McKeown both have?
Who was born first, Javier Frana or Sherwood Stewart?
what country are Mudvayne and Hellyeah both from?
What I Saw: Reports from Berlin, 1920-1933 is a book by a writer born in which year ?
Who directed the 2014 American biographical survival drama film which Laura Elizabeth Dern was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in
Where was one of the runners born who almost broke Craig Virgin's Illinois Boys Cross Country record?
Mount Austin Barracks is located near the Peak Tram terminus at what mountain that is also known as Mount Austin?
Jeff Perry the current star of the ABC political drama Scandal is in an upcoming thriller direct by who?
which is larger, Hunchun or Shijiazhuang?
Dost Mohammad Khan was killed by a ruler who became the third king of what country?
Who was the boyfriend of Thelma Lou in the series with Jim Nabors?
When was the American actor, film director which  Dana Brunetti is the president of his company born 
Who lived longer, American author Owen Wister or Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery? 
What Nickelodeon movie stars the actress and YouTuber who appeared alongside Jon Voight in the 2016 film American Wrestler:The Wizard?
Creed features the boxer who held what WBC title from 2016 to 2017?
The King who opened Newcastle Civic Center in 1968 was born in what year?
Who was the founder of the network on which the Pakistani drama serial "Meri Beti" aired?
What year was the recipient of the 2016 Best Footballer in Asia born?
When was the  Australian competition NSWRL formed in which H Kaufman was a rugby league player?
What was the nickname of the English monarch that Petruccio Ubaldini presented one of his books?
What 2015 British-Canadian-Irish romantic drama was Finola Dwyer a producer of?
Dr Jan Schneider ran for United States Congress in Florid but lost twice to which Republican politician?
What was the fort renamed in which the English abandoned to move to a fort located atop State Street Hill?
What is the name of this New York based American investment management firm founded in 1982, whose co-CEO is Robert Mercer?
Who was born first, Kwok Kin Pong or Edison Chen?
What Minnesota county is the University of Minnesota in?
What was the other name for the war between the Cherokee people and white settlers in 1793?
Is The Devils of Loudun and Maskarade both operas?
What Taylor swift song released December 7, 2008 was written by the same writer as "You Belong to Me"?
Were both documentaries, Loot and Air Force, Incorporated, released in the same year?
Who co-wrote The Hidden History of the Human Race with a man know devotionally as Drutakarma dasa?
Nicholas Scibetta's hit man brother-in-law, who confessed to being involved in the murder of 19 people, helped prosecutors convict what Gambino family boss?
Havelock Ellis and Arnold Bennett were both what?
In which county was the English rock band formed that released the box set of four studio albums "Genesis 1983–1998"?
The creator of the Lisa Simpson character was born in what year?
Are Affenpinscher and Villanuco de Las Encartaciones both breeds of dog?
Name the actor who has acted in the film Arrival and who has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the film `The Town' ?
Brian Newman's wife performs for what genre of variety show?
Where is the company, which designed the Glomar Challenger, based?
Who is older, James Kerwin or Paul Verhoeven?
What is the title of 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton's work, which Stephen Frears and John Malkovich were involved?
Command and Control was a book that discusses the 1980 incident in what state?
In the summer of 1972, "Metal Guru" was the last UK number one for T. Rex and its lead singer. What was his name?
What theatre in St. Martin's Lane often hosts the English National Ballet?
The Nun is based on what film series based on the real life cases of Ed and Lorraine Warren?
Mundawar is a city 140km from which State capital of Rajasthan?
Who was the personal assistant to General of the Armies John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing during World War I?
The city Charles Prince Airport is approximately 16 km northwest of was called Salisbury until what year?
The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was the debut of a Jamaican cricketer who is a right-handed what?
Who directed a 2006 film where Ron Perkins character plays the manager of a hotel?
What American actress stars in Tainted?
Who is the host of Wall of Fame known for his partnership with?
What three states junction is near the gap that Peter Hackett traveled along during the Scotish-Irish migration along the Wilderness Road?
In which period was this German composer, pianist, organist and conductor born in 1847 active, whose work "Wedding March" became reference to any "wedding march?"
What is the name of this South Asian island country, located in the Indian Ocean for which Ahmed Abdulla is a professional footballer?
Which band has more members, Test Icicles or X Ambassadors?
What man with a lazy left eye starred in Sacred Ground?
Which one the cast members in the film Only Lovers Left Alive also played in Othello?
Are both Dziga Vertov and Roger Donaldson are involved in the film industry?
When was the multinational group headquartered in the Netherlands adjacent to the Junction 27 Retail Park near Birstall, Batley, West Yorkshite, England, founded?
 Minus the Machine is the sixth studio album by a band formed in which city ?
Maria Radu is best known for winning the 3000 meters at which Edmonton, Alberta, sporting event? 
What is the name of the fashion label that the founder of the Faena Arts Center founded in 1985?
What is the country of origin of the film Dui Purush and the music director Pankaj Mullick
What college did the person who defeated Fedor Emelianenko play football at?
Miller County is named after a governor who was born in which year ?
Who was elected more times, Daniel Patrick Moynihan or Dennis Kux?
National Stadium BTS Station is near the shopping center in what Thai city?
Which genus has more species, Cymbidium or Patrinia?
When was the German actress born who is best known for her role as the Borg Seven of Nine and who has role in  "Body of Proof" as Dr. Kate Murphy?
Which university is a private research university, University of California, Berkeley or Brown University?
Kentucky Truck Assembly and Louisville Assembly Plant are two auto factories in the city of Louisville operated by which car maker?
Who was involved in observing the natural progression of untreated syphilis in rural African-American men in Alabama?
Dream Street is narrated by an English musician, comedian, and actor who first came to public notice with what British comedy showband?
Arabella Chapman graduated from which school that was opened as the Albany Free Academy?
Orlando Brown is best known for his role as 3J Winslow in an American sitcom that was a spin-off of what?
Which South African born singer featured the musical revue "Sigh No More"?
A British sports, health and leisure business hosted the World Games on what dates?
Walter Giffen is from a suburb of which South Australian city?
Which film was not a 3D computer-animation Cars 3 or Smith!?
Dana White's Tuesday Night Contender Series premiers weekly on this subscription-based video streaming service owned by the Ultimate Fighting Championship
What is the name of Bruce Willis's character in Unbreakable?
The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team featured players from the team led by which second-year head coach, who led his team to the conference title?
What pop band features an Argentine actress that appeared in the television series "Chiquititas"?
Are both Helen Dunmore and M. P. Shiel of West Indian descent?
The 2013–14 Phoenix Suns season brought back a player who now plays for what team?
What is the nationality of this company that services MS Moby Dada?
Which player, who also played for the New Jersey Nets and the Golden State Warriors, finished third in the league with 231 three-point field goals during the 1995-96 Atlanta Hawks season?
What Mexican singer released the song Todos Me Miran?
Are Castor et Pollux and Manon Lescaut composed by the same people?
What is the name of the company manged by Joseph Reiser based in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland?
What church was the college Marjorie Hass is the 20th president of formerly affiliated with?
Between the two operas, Mosè in Egitto and Lucrezia Borgia, which one has more acts?
When was the  American singer-songwriter born who recorded “Spirit In The Sky”?
When was the second album by Jason Daunt's band released?
Stockely Webster has paintings hanging in what home (that serves as the residence for the Mayor of New York)?
What year did Guns N Roses perform a promo for a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger as a former New York Police detective?
The Heart Never Lies is an album by the author of a state ballad entitled what?
in 1992 Spengler Cup all matches were played at the home arena of what professional Swiss ice hockey club 
which is larger Asante Traditional Buildings or Gulangyu?
The creek of which Paradise Creek is a tributary is a tributary of what river?
The subject of the biography "Name Dropper" was born in what year?
"She's a Woman" is a song on the B-side of a single whose A-side has one of the first uses of what in popular music?
Snowdrop is a proprietary game engine first revealed with an online-only action role-playing video game developed by who?
What year did the series on CBS, starring the actor who known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause," air?
What country of origin does Eric Lucassen and Party for Freedom have in common?
Gail Matthius co-anchored the Weekend Update segment of "Saturday Night Live" with the actor who played the villain Nicholas Andre in what movie?
What was the setting for Raphael Coleman's best known film?
Which plant, the Chaerophyllum or the Cryptanthus, can be found in various places across the world?
What month was the album released whose lead single was "Domino Dancing"?
The 1966 Football League Cup Final was contested with which team that is based in the West Midlands?
Who opened Gunnersby Park and signed the Munich Agreement?
Who designed the casino that The Venetian Macao is modeled on?
The 1996 film "The Christmas Tree" stars Andrew McCarthy and an actress that has won how any Emmy Awards?
Are Floor Jansen and John McCrea from the same band?
What nationality was the lover of Lord Alfred Douglas ? 
The 2015 Cotton Bowl was played at the stadium that was the home of which NFL team?
 Steven Rattazzi provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on an animated series created by who?
Are Steve Perry and Dennis Lyxzén both members of the same band ?
In the 2011 census what was the population of suburban area in which BA Connect is headquartered ?
What year did the father of Willem van Oldenbarnevelt die?
Was Without the King and Italy in a Day directed by the same person?
What city is the army division that conducted Operation Blue Hearts in the Korean War based out of?
Who brewed the first espresso coffee in space, Patrick Baudry or Samantha Cristoforetti?
Which was published or broadcast first, The Graveyard Book of Phineas and Ferb?
which German philosopher wrote "The opera "Lulu"  
Brad Budde played professionally for a team in the NFL that was founded in 1960 as the Dallas Texans by who?
Where was the 2015 MSA Formula Championship, a multi-event, Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held?
This cabin built in 1925 is located in a park encompasses over 1 million acre and includes parts of two what?
Who was the director of the 2000 American comedy film in which the actress, whose first role in film was in director Martin Kunert's film "Campfire Tales", played a role?
What company headquartered in Whitley, Coventry, United Kingdom will start production in Nitra in 2018?
Are both Superdrag and Collective Soul rock bands?
Which is a shrub, Mimosa or Cryptocoryne?
What annual gathering that inlcudes David Starfire takes place at Black Rock City?
Dan Hurley is the brother of which head coach of Arizona State's men's basketball team?
Leo A. Harris was also known for his handshake deal with Walt Disney that permitted the University of Oregon to use the likeness of what cartoon character created in 1934 at Walt Disney Productions?
Dru Decaro is the lead guitarist for the RnB artist who began creating music at what age?
What is the name of the album released by a British heavy metal band in February of 1981 that contains a reference to a highway?
Trautmann is an upcoming British-German biographical film, starring German actor David Kross as a german footballer who played in which position ?
 Before I Go to Sleep stars an Australian actress, producer and occasional what?
In what movie did a Kenyan-Mexican actress, who graduated from Hampshire College, star in in 2015?
Who is the older brother of the king that was overthrown in the Henriad?
What amount was the settlement that the character from the Son of al Quada got in 2017?
Which team did Joe Buck's father broadcast for?
Q: Which actor played a role in the comedy series "30 Rock" as well as the drama series "Mad Men"? A: Jon Hamm
 The 2010–11 Old Dominion Monarchs basketball team was led by the coach of what nationality?
Berk Communication and Marketing Group  best known for representing an American professional baseball pitcher for what team?
Have Jelena Janković and Marat Safin both played tennis professionally?
Tamanchey is a comedy film that starred the actress who works in what type of films?
Which American-Canadian actor starred in the Disney Channel's "Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!"?
A puzzle-platform video game developed by the Valve Corporation is part of what 2012 action-adventure game?
Notable works of Bailee Madison includes a 2011 American Romantic comedy film that was directed by Dennis Dugan, and written by Allan Loeb and who?
Cordyline ruba grows from Bundaberg, Queensland to which northeastern city in New South Whales, Australia?
Are Joe Orton and Bernard-Marie Koltès both playwrights ?
What year was the midfielder who shot the winning goal in the 2009 DFB-Pokal Final born?
 Here I Am Again is an album by what American country singer who had a career of almost 60 years
Lisa Howard had a role in the comedy that had music and lyrics by whom?
Brett McClure competed in the pommel horse event at the 2001 Goodwill Games in what Australian province?
Which band has more members Music for Dead Birds or The Wolfhounds?
A 2005 computer animated short film by Pixar, and directed by an American director that was born in 1957, is based on what film?
Where in Greek mythology was the father of Benthesikyme venerated as a chief deity?
Who founded O Magazine that contained Elissa Schappell's second book of fiction?
Who distributed a American-Indian-Irish computer-animated comedy-adventure film starring an Irish actor known for playing Miles O'Brien?
Who is the writer for an American teen sitcom created by Kim Bass for Nickelodeon?
Were Ulrich Walter and Léopold Eyharts both from Germany?
When did the park at which Tivolis Koncertsal is located open?
Eusebio Valli studied alongside a physician who was the pioneer of what field?
When is the American politician and attorney which Thomas J. Connolly an for Governor of Maine in 1998 against born 
Where is the ice hockey team based that Zdeno Chára currently serving as captain of?
Were both Léopold Eyharts and Ulrich Walter a General in the French Air Force? 
What year was the actor that co-starred with Sidney Poitier in Lieel Nikita born?
Meghan Strange is an American actress and voice actress, known for her role as Robin on what American animated television series produced for Disney Channel?
What famous composer was born in the town that hosts a festival of music and drama has featured Lilian Sukis?
In what year was the coach who led the 2007 South Carolina Gamecocks football team in his third season as USC head coach born?
The director of American crime film, Secret of the Chateau, was known to work at which company?
The compilation EP "COM LAG " by Radiohead collects many B-side singles from their album released in the UK by what record company?
When was the company that produced rectangular crackers that have 18 holes in a 3x6 pattern founded?
Are both Upper Crust Pizzeria and Eatza Pizza restaurants?
Where was the person born who was recognized by MIAL and is an American soprano?
who starred in the English-language Danish experimental horror film  which  Lars von Triers received award for 
Seth MacFarlane was the creator of the two animated short films that were created while studying at what college?
Are Alice Munro and Lillian Hellman both writers?
When was the brewery founded which has The Stag Inn Hastings as a tied house ?
To Catch a Predator was devoted to impersonating people below the age of consent for which in North America varies by what?
The actress that plays Julia McNamara in the series "Nip/Tuck" also appears with Laurence Fishburne in a 1997 horror film directed by who?
Who was born first, Bruce Conner or Nils Gaup?
The Collective for Living Cinema of Lower Manhattan featured work from what filmmaker also known as Denis Kaufman?
In which year was this historic diner in Albany, New York built, which also was a filming location for major portions of Ironweed?
What novel about a murderer inspired Till Lindemann's music?
What age did a wrestler began his training at who began his friendship with Trevor Mann in Brookport, Illinois CPW?
What type of industry does Tony Bill and Flyboys have in common?
Who is older, Hampton Del Ruth or Ted Kotcheff?
Fighting Cock is produced in what Kentucky county?
The 1998–99 Los Angeles Lakers season included the signing of the rebounding specialist who had what nickname?
Who was the writer of the graphic novel upon which the 2003 American superhero film, directed by Bryan Singer, is based?
What city is the band that recorded Renegade from?
what city will host the event in which marie gisele eleme asse won twoo medals in 2017
What movie did Pitof direct which had an action-adventure tie-in video game based off of it in 2004?
Ellie Parker is a 2005 American drama-comedy film whose title character is played by an English actress who made her screen debut in what Australian drama film?
William Davis Ticknor, Sr. served on the board of a chemical and biotechnology company created in what year?
The 2012–13 Boston Celtics season was marred by an occurence which took the lives of how many people?
Which group did Masta Kill released Selling My Soul under?
Nick Jr Too was launched on the same day as what rival channel that was created by Turner Broadcasting, and is the sister station of Cartoon Network?
Rock Springs is a collection of short stories by an author born in what year?
Josephine de Reszke made her debut in what grand opera?
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is the son of a professional footballer who was voted what in 1992 and 1993?
What football club was owned by the singer of "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"?
In which city have Gary Ayres and Neil Craig both been head coach of the Crows?
What is the birth date of the person Richard Callaghan coached to Olympic, World, and national titles?
How many episodes were in the season of "Rick and Morty" that featured an episode called "The Ricks Must Be Crazy"?
Which show aired first, "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" or, "A Charlie Brown Christmas"?
What big-budget epic film was released the same year as the film that focuses on a series of sudden, unexplained violent bird attacks?
What was the former name of the company which operates Hunterston Terminal?
Where is the 1999 British comedy-drama film starring Jimi Mistry set?
The ghetto that George Kadish documented held how many people at its peak?
Which actress worked closely withCharpes Lane? 
One of the actors in the film Dhruva Natchathiram was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the People's University of Milan in what year?
The Azad Hind Dal was created by an Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India, but whose attempt to rid India of British rule during what war left a troubled legacy?
Maha Kali is an EP by what band from Stromstad that was formed in 1989?
Roy Holder appeared in a 1967 film which was based on a play of the same name written by who?
The song "Medicine" by The 1975 appears in a film directed by what Danish filmmaker?
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team were members of a NCAA conference that officially began operations in what year?
Which producer from the 2015 British documentary film about the life and death of British singer-songwriter Amy Winehouse also worked on the film Oasis: Supersonic as a film producer?
From what state was the congressman who became Secretary of Defense and reportedly refused to promote Les Brownlee to Secretary of the Army because he was not a CEO?
What year did the movement that Tess Asplund protested in the viral image of her with her fist in the air disband?
Which album came out first, "Paper Trail" or "If Tomorrow Comes..."?
How long does the lower level degree program, offered at Helene Fuld College of Nursing, typically last?
Sian Gibson co-wrote which British sitcom, set around a supermarket and car share scheme?
Ndlela kaSompisi was a key general to Zulu King Dingane and a king born in what year?
What is the name of the studio album that the Miley Cyrus song, Who Owns My Heart is on?
The man tried for the murder of Anthony "White Tony" Johnson is suspected of how many unsolved murders along with his younger brother?
Nuestra Belleza México 2010 was crowned by the winner of what other 2010 pageant, the winner of which was crowned on 23 August 2010?
What country is both Thornton–Cleveleys railway station and Poulton-le-Fylde railway station located?
Who authorized this infantry that was organized in the northern states during the Civil War and was commanded by RObert GOuld Shaw?
Are the bands Tiger Please and Black Rebel Motorcycle Club from the same country? 
What race track in the midwest hosts a 500 mile race eavery May?
Who directed the 2007 film which  Sasson Gabai won an Ophir Award for?
What year was the magazine that Stanley Bing spent a decade at founded in?
Gül Mosque and Hippodrome of Constantinople are both located where?
What is the name of the actor who wrote the memoir Without you: A memoir of love, loss, and the Musical Rent and also stared as Mark Cohen in the Broadway production of "Rent"?
In what year did the conference in which the 2005 Air Force Falcons participated begin operations?
Which Republican Chairman was born June 1, 1956? 
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards pre-show premiered the music video for a love ballad with a prominent what?
Erwin Lambert was a member of which paramilitary organization under Hitler?
Which suburb is a soap opera featuring a character named Beverly Marshall set in?
AVN Media Network has as part of their business what convention and trade show that takes place every January in Las Vegas Nevada?
Which airport is located in the state of Georgia, Brunswick Golden Isles Airport or Lafayette Regional Airport?
Celebrity Fifteen to One has had more than one appearance by an English writer and former Conservative Member of what?
In The Passion of the Christ, who did Monica Bellucci play?
Graham Linehan was the creator of the Ash Atalla-produced sitcom for what UK channel?
Which character in The Hunt for Red October was played by the actor who made his film debut in The Revolutionary
During the Carnival in Rio de Janeiro who is the official singer of the samba school Mangueira?
Billy King was an Australian rules footballer who participated in a game that was contested between the South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club, and was held at what location in Melbourne in 1945?
Ira Nadel wrote the biography of which historical fiction author?
Which Democrat running for president in 2020 currently holds Maryland’s 6th district in the US House of Representatives?
Garden Island Naval Chapel is the oldest Chistian chapel of a naval branch of what defence force?
The Zapruder film shows President John F. Kennedy's motorcade as it passed through a plaza that was named aNational Historic Landmark in what year? 
Which "novel with a key" was written by John Ehrlichman about the CIA, base on events leading up to the Watergate coverup?
Who sparked the 972 unrest in Lithuanian SSR?
What year was the American healthy lifestyle magazine, in which Georgia Rickard contributed, started?
Are Jiujiang, Guangdong and Ruzhou located in the same Chinese district?
Which university did the singer of "Long Time Gone" study?
Where does Yannick Ferreira Carrasco play home games?
The southern terminus of State Route 102 is located in a town on the southwestern side of an island know to locals as what?
Are Mauritz Stiller and Johannes Grenzfurthner both of the same nationality?
Are Catasetum and Origanum in the same family?
How many disciplines are combined in the degree that Hector Janse van Rensburg graduated from the University of York with?
What is the county seat of the county where East Lempster, New Hampshire is located?
Wrinkles is a song that was recorded by what American country and Christian country band that was founded in 1982?
Toby Scott worked with which American singer born on May 24, 1941?
Who was the Goal keeper for Iraq in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup played in the United Arab Emirates?
When was the defending titlist of 2009–10 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Men born? 
Which player won more Grand Slam titles, Kevin Ullyett or Billie Jean King?
Are Ferocactus and Silene both types of plant?
What was the nationality of the actor playing a Russian hostage taker in "Hostage for a Day"?
What was the third studio album released by Richard Melville Hall?
Ralf D. Bode is best known for his work on a film starring who as Loretta?
Who worked on the origins of Mickey Mouse and created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit?
What is the second book by the author that won the Booker Prize in 1997?
Isaac Live Schreiber, better known as Live Schrieber, acted in Salt, a 2010 American action thriller film directed by whom?
Between the two film makers Fabián Bielinsky and Murdock MacQuarrie, who was born earlier?
1990 Film Lionheart stars this actor who is best known for what type of films?
What state is home to the Lake Wobegon Trails and the recording location for the live radio show "A Prairie Home Companion"?
In the television series Green Hornet, which actor played the role of Kato?
Erving Goffman was cited as higher than a literary critic on which guide?
When was the novella written whose film adaptation was played during the Christmas season of "Afternoon movie" and contained the character of Ebenezer Scrooge?
Does Lucozade pre-date Hires Root Beer? 
Which airport is operated by the Coos Country Airport District, Southwest Oregon Regional Airport or Lawton–Fort Sill Regional Airport?
Rumble Fish was a novel by the author of the coming-of-age novel published in what year by Viking Press?
Were both the Battle of Stones River and the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River fought in the 19th century?
Elizabeth Wordsworth's father was bishop in what church?
Sean Frazier served as deputy athletic director at the University of Wisconsin–Madison under an athletic director that stepped down after what season? 
Who starred in a 2015 zombie film with Northern Irish actor?
What is the name of the fight song of the university whose main campus is in Lawrence, Kansas and whose branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area?
The Dukes of Hazzard was inspired by the 1975 film starring whom?
The comedian who starred in "Gone Are the Dayes" made his big break in which show?
During the 2012-13 Blackppol F.C. season, their top scorer was what English professional footballer who plays as wither an attacking midfielder, winger, or forward for Premier League club Huddersfield Town?
The 1958 Pro Bowl was played at the California stadium that is the home for which college?
Jolyon James performed the role of Moonshadow in a musical by a composer of what nationality?
Which head coach has led their team for a longer period of time, Tim Cluess or Steve Prohm?
When was the producer of  Michel'le born? 
What party was the secretary of commerce and housing under the 42 Governor of Kansas?
What american singer,had Warren Fu as one of their video directors, and also had to face allegation of illegal marriage with R. Kelly?
Based on a True Story... is an album by which country music star, with the single My Eyes?
Who owns and operates the location where ROH 13th Anniversary Show took place?
Which has a greater area, Liuzhou or Muling?
 Cliburn railway station was a station situated on This railway that  ran between Clifton Junction near Penrith and Kirkby Stephen via what?
Matthew Butturini was born in a town on the Tweed River how many km north-east of Sydney?
What is the full name of the captain of the Australian team that won the 1930 Ashes series?
Dan Balan co-wrote the song from what T.I. album?
How many records did the singer who sang "Four Seasons of Love" sell worldwide?
Where was the maker of Cougar bourbon whiskey headquartered before its acquisition by Anheuser-Busch InBev?
Are Villa Paletti and Betrayal at House on the Hill both board games?
What is the birthdate of this American actor, director, and producer, who starred in Not Another B Movie?
The 2017 European Short Course Swimming Championships will be held in an Arena which began construction when?
Christmas in the Sun was performed mainly by the entertainer of what nationality?
Who founded the Canadian manufacturer of winter clothing which is a major sponsor of Polar Bears International?
In what year was the Sayrevill, New Jersey rock band that Frankie LaRocka played drums for formed?
Who is the patron saint of Europe and has a historical religions building in Castres, Languedoc, France named after him?
Where was the movement that August Brancart published literature from centerd?
Goldilocks and the Three Bares was a film that was totally separate from the fairy tale from what century?
Indie studio Jumpship developed what puzzle-platform video game released in July 2010?
Where was the host of Australia's Got Talent born?
Who released the song "With or Without You" first, Jai McDowall or U2?
The chorus of "On the Radio" contains references to the song "November Rain" whose band's lead singer is?
Which is a university in Pennsylvania, University of New Haven or Carnegie Mellon University?
What country does Eric A. Sykes and Eccles, Greater Manchester have ion common?
Were Chad Gray and Dickie Peterson both singers?
Who was born first, Yanka Dyagileva or Alexander Bashlachev?
Who was born first out of Leopold Lummerstorfer and Laurent Touil-Tartour?
Brinckerhoff, New Yorkhad a role in a CBS sitcom created by whom?
Where did Leigh Anne Tuohy’s son play college football?
Ferrari 360 was replaced by the sports car that debuted at what event?
Live Wire Radio will possibly be considered as a replacement for a variety show created in what year?
 "JK Wedding Entrance Dance" is a viral video that uses a song by a rapper whose first album was certified what?
Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete at the high school located in what Nevada city?
Who was born first, Vladimir Nabokov or Harper Lee?
Are Ruggero Deodato from Italy, and Mexican Alejandro Springall, both film directors?
What is the name of the girl group that the host of the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2006 was a member of?
The football maneuver, known as the horse-collar tackle is most closely associated with a player that was drafted by what NFl team in 2002?
Which American band was formed the earliest, CKY or Violent Femmes?
Donnie Smith who plays as a left back for New England Revolution belongs to what league featuring 22 teams?
What Cantonese slang term can mean both "ghost man" and to refer to Westerners?
Was it  Ishmael Reed or Joseph Campbell who said Follow your bliss?
What aviator participated to the Transatlantic flight organized by the "heir apparent" to Italian dictator Benito Mussolini?
Are Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones both musicians?
Which Missing You actor was born August 17 1993?
Which has more species, Aichryson or Polypodium?
What Golden Globe Award actor starred in the film Little Fugitive? 
Where was the Danish colony, in which the Scandinavian Collectors Club claims as part of their region and includes the islands of Saint Thomas, located?
...Ready for It? is a Taylor Swift song from the album scheduled to be released on what date?
Who was the electoral division that James Tully  represented in 1928 named after?
Mía Maestro had a role in the 2002 biopic directed by whom?
Which was released first, Gasland or To Shoot an Elephant?
WrestleMania XXX took place at the home venue of which National Football League team?
What actress portrayed Rachel Green on the sitcom "Friends" and starred in the movie "She's Funny That Way"?
Are both Rutgers University and Carnegie Mellon University located in America?
The Duke Steps Out stars an actress who was ranked tenth on a list of greatest female Hollywood stars in what year?
The Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence is located on an island with a population of what?
 "I Will Not Say Goodbye" is a song written in part by a music artist who first gained national attention as a winner of what talent competition?
For which football club, established in 1949, did Mitch Duggan have a loan spell prior to joining Tranmere Rovers?
What village in Nassau County, New York with a name meaning "a pleasant place" is represented by Kathleen Rice in the United States House of Representatives?
Kaye Stevens was an American singer and actress whose big break came at what hotel on the Las Vegas Strip that operated from April 1955 to May 2015?
What is the nationality of the most praised player in the 2002–03 Olympique de Marseille season?
What year did Fifty Shades of Grey release?
Forest Hill, Texas is a suburb of which fifth-largest city in the state?
The creators of the product designation TSR 2002 was the first to publish what kind of game?
What event in 1920 was established by the director of the play "The Miracle?"
Which of the following works was completed first, Something Wicked This Way Comes or The Wind in the Willows?
Who directed the 2017 horror-thriller film in which Barry Keoghan, Nicole Kidman, Colin Farrell, and Alicia Silverstone appeared?
What is the size of the hydroelectric dam that will inundate part of Bui National Park?
What organization affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division were the 2012 Hawaii Warriors football team first year members of?
Bally's & Paris station is on the monorail that is of what length?
Were Thomas H. Ince and Joseph McGrath of the same nationality?
Mamie Gummer played the role of Nancy Crozier on the TV series airing on what network?
Riema Juhani Karppinen won the silver medal at what event held outside of Munich, Germany?
What dance competition television series features host and NFL reporter Erin Andrews?
On what network did the series that Bradley Thompson started working on in 2014 premiere?
Orson Welles made Filming the Trial, a making-of film of the production of The Trial, which was originally filmed where?
who had to escape nazis, Sigmund Freud or Evelyn Waugh?
When was the Chief Aerodynamicist for the British supersonic land vehicle, whose goal is to match or exceed 1000 mph achieving a new world land speed record, born?
Which identifier: transwomen, cis women,or genderqueer, is a combination of masculinity and femininity or neither in gender expression? 
What summit is located in the county who's county seat is Helena?
 Dayton's Devils had a cameo from the "MASH" star who played what role on the show?
In which year was the coach of the 1917 Pittsburgh Panthers football team inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame?
Are Mike Bryan and Ray Ruffels both tennis players?
Alex Yemenidjian is the CEO of the company that owns what Las Vegas Strip hotel?
Are Kim Tae-yeon and Laura Stoica of the same nationality?
3TEETH was the debut album for the opening act for the2016 tour with a headlining band that was formed in which California city?
Marion Greene was a health policy analyst for St. Judt Medical company, which had how many principal operations worldwide?
In which Florida city is Skyplex being constructed, featuring Skyscraper, the tallest rollercoaster in the world?
Which American digital media company and news satire organization that publishes articles on international, national, and local news did the comic artist of Jim's Journal co-found?
What was the name of the founder and president of the company which produced the role playing game FTL:2448?
Which company does Timothy Oulton retail his products through that is based in Corte Madera?
Which novelist wrote under the pen name Walter Ericson: Laura Esquivel or Howard Fast?
Agnes Body was the founding head of a state secondary school located on what road?
Which star of Here Come the Munsters was born in Philadelphia ?
Who was known by his stage name Aladin and helped organizations improve their performance as a consultant?
What film genre links Baghdad ER and Olympia?
When was the club formed, for which Adam  Johnson played as well as Middlesbrough and Watford ?
What private university in Virginia did Jamal Benjamin Brooks play college football at?
Are Euptelea and Muehlenbeckia both genuses?
 Thomas Anthony Jankiewicz was best known for penning a film staring an actress who played Fiona Bowa on what NBC sitcom?
What revolutionary group was writer Mary Williams raised by before being adopted by director of the Peace and Justice Resource Center in Los Angeles County Tom Hayden?
Which star in the Maltese Bippy died in 1987?
Which TV series, written by the creators of Robocalypse, is set in Bikini Bottom?
William Novac co-wrote the memoir of what American retired professional basketball player who is current president of basketball operations for the Los Angeles Lakers?
When was the creator of Bully Boy born?
Fort Snelling spurred growth of Saint Paul was located in this county?
What is the name for the adventure in "Tunnels and Trolls", a game designed by Ken St. Andre?
Susanna Thompson appeared in the courtroom drama film Ghosts of Mississippi, directed by who?
Which brand of canned cooked meat by Hormel Foods Corporation is used to make a popular snack and lunch food in Hawaii?
What novella was the basis of the movie that featured the song "Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume" by Rudolf Sieczyński?
JSOC was created on the recommendation of a colonel who served in the Malayan Emergency and what other war?
The View from the Bottom is the fifth studio album by an American rock band best known for what hit song?
Leonard Logsdail had a cameo role in the biographical film directed by whom?
"Lesbian Request Denied" is the third episode of the first season of a series created by who?
Which American main title designer designed sequences for the founder of the Sundance Film Festival?
Who created the series in which Liza Weil played Bonnie Winterbottom?
Jamal Igle was known for illustrative work on which DC Comics publication?
How many novels are there in series of novels which were adapted for a 2015 BBC TV  series in which Ruby Bentall plays a character called Verity ?
Did Franki Valli sing with Hellogoodbye or The Four Seasons?
Luke Null is an actor who was on the program that premiered its 43rd season on which date?
When is the birthday of the British-Irish heiress who worked on the Optimist In Black studio album?
What is the name of  rocker, who was awarded "Rock Goddess of the Year" in the Annual Loudwide Music Awards, who sang with high pitched screams in her band's albums?
When was the American singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT rights activist born who won Grammy and Emmy award?
About Time is a  British romantic comedy-drama film that stars an Irish actor and writer who recieved a Bachelor of Arts from where?
The Phillips Berlina is a neo-classic car that used stretched underpinings from a car that set a new sales record for what model year?
Which movie was released first, Fantastic Mr. Fox or Khan Kluay?
Rosemary Willis was seen in the grass in what Texas town, where John F. Kennedy was assassinated?
Operation light house was an experiment by Wernher von Braun and another man born in what year?
In which year did this Russian actress  who produced and performed in the 1922 American silent drama film "A Doll's House" immigrate to the United States?
when the Marlins are the home team, games are played at this park which was LEED certified as the greenest MLB park in what year?
Which publication publishes more frequently, Utne Reader or The New York Enterprise Report?
Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life and Totally Spies! The Movie both released in what year?
What is the name of the show that the man that was drafted eighth overall in the 1995 NFL Draft co-hosts?
Atlas Shrugged was a film based on the books by a proponent of what philosophy?
Which was published earlier, La Belle Assemblée or VIVmag?
Are the genera Gordonia and Osbeckia in the same family?
Venus is a play by an American playwrite who what what prize?
What year did a director of a North Korean cinema film get kidnapped?
What indigenous American ethnic group that inhabits land in the northern United States and southern Canada was part of the Treaty of Springwells?
Who directed the 2015 South Korean drama film starring Hwang Jung-min?
On which station did the 2014 South Korean television series, starring the main rapper of boyband SS501, air?
Kiskiack is a building that still stands at what York County, Virginia naval base?
"You Are" is a song from which Pearl Jam album dealing with the September 2001 terrorist attacks?
Which magazine comes out more often, Out or Soap Opera Digest?
Who was born first, Adrian McLaren or Ryan McLaren?
The 2017–18 Wigan Athletic F.C. season will be a year in which the team competes in the league cup known as what for sponsorship reasons?
Which Argentine telenovela broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19, 2012 starred Isabel Macedo as Jimena Benitez?
Where were the presenters of the 2016 Brit Awards from?
Where is the head quarter of the Blue Bird Body Company?
Who composed the theme music in 1989 of an animated television series which has the current arrangement by a person who  has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows?
Who was the chief executive officer of the second largest US car rental company by sales?
Which current CBS NBA analyst played for the PORTLAND TRAILBLazers along with former UNLV teammate Stacey Augmon?
The Mutlu Onaral album "Livin' It" was produced by the bassist for what duo?
During the 2004-05 Atlanta Hawks season, the team acquired a former professional basketball player, who is the current head coach of what team?
What type of music did Dave Wyndorf and Poly Styrene perform as part of their work in Monster Magnet and X-Ray Spex?
Which documentary was produced first, The Saimaa Gesture or Eclipse of Reason?
Which of the following is home to the 642nd Aviation Support Battalion: Greater Rochester International Airport or Valley International Airport?
How many episodes were in the original run of the HBO show that Kristin Davis played the character Charlotte York Goldenblatt?
Are both Leycesteria and Anigozanthos native to Australia?
What drummer stared along side a former president of the screen actors guild in a 2005 film?
What ABC television series was inspired by a 2011 film and cast Dominic Cooper as young Howard Stark?
What former two-weight world champion is represented by boxing managed Ziggy Rozalski?
Which filmmaker, Stan Brakhage or Alfred L. Werker, was a non-narrative filmmaker?
Han Chae-young was in the 2009 drama that aired on what network?
What type of veterinary specialist is the star veterinarian of The Bionic Vet?
In which city were the olympic games held in which Willi Meurer competed in the individual and team road race events?
Paul Maynard became Rail Minister after the entrance of the Prime Minister who took office in what year?
During which years was the model of car, featured on the cover of Earth's "Pentastar: In the Style of Demons" manufactured?
Which artist is a lyricist, Eric Bloom or Otep Shamaya?
The creator of "Wallace and Gromit" also created what animation comedy that matched animated zoo animals with a soundtrack of people talking about their homes? 
Which is a British-influenced film, Bedknobs and Broomsticks or The Journey of Natty Gann?
Women's soccer star Caprice Dydasco plays for Newcastle Jets FC based in what nation?
Wind was directed by which American actress born on March 26, 1960?
Which Western action-adventure video game by Rockstar did Tyler Bunch act for?
Brindisi, the city where Louis-Jean-Nicolas Lejoille died, is located in what country?
Chapter 27 is a 2007 film depicting the murder of John Lennon by someone who remained at the crime scene after the murder reading what novel?
Are Nikolaschka and White Russian made of beer?
Tommy's Honour was a drama film that included the actor who found success with what 2016 BBC miniseries?
For which Thomas Rickman film did Sissy Spacek win an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Are both Odds and Supergrass rock bands?
"Let's Get Ready to Rhumble" is a 1994 song by a music duo from where?
The youngest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon stars with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount  in what 2017 film?
In 1943 designer Robert Lutyens joined to board of a company headquartered in what city?
Which acter/director is known for depicting the Russian working class life and directed a film that won an Academy Award in 1981?
Are Maki Nomiya and Conrad Lant both considered musicians?
What was the first year a scientific journal published by an organization located in the Bronx was published?
"A Summer in the Cage" and "American Hardcore" are both what kind of film?
George H. W. Bush,  a resident of West Oaks Subdivision in Houston Texas, became what number President in 1989? 
What book did the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation buy?
Are the bands "Black Grape" and "Balance and Composure" from the same country?
How many Grammy Award nominations has the musician who Graham Maby has recorded and toured with since his first album, and whose first release was "Is She Really Going Out with Him", won?
Who is the author of the series in which Rupert Grint plays one of the three main characters?
What country of origin does The Late Late Show and Craig Kilborn have in common?
Who was born first, Gene Mayer or Serena Williams?
What year did a blacklisted screenwriter share an Academy Award with Michael Kanin?
When was the federal US law made that was responsible for shutting down Braniff Airways?
In what country did Gildo Siopaes win a bronze medal for bobsledding in the 1964 Winter Olympics?
When did the author of the book One More River is based on win the Nobel Prize?
The 2015 Austrian thriller film Jack tells the story of a serial killer who died in what year?
Are Harry Everett Smith and Vladimir Danilevich both from Russia?
Zamalek Sporting Club Centennial was a  friendly match against professional football club that plays in what?
Are Marilyn Manson and Joe Lynn Turner both American singer, songwriters?
When was Erik Watts' father born?
Who wrote the book that inspired the name of the CD/DVD "Here at the End of All Things"?
How many different schools does the university, in which Andrew J. Elliot is a professor of psychology, have?
Shenley Hall is a house at a parish how far from central London?
When was the American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant who was a senior member of the presidential campaign of Donald Trump born?
What Disney movie was the wrestler with the real name of John William Minton in?
A 1946 musical comedy starred a British actor who lived in what country throughout his adult life?
What is the middle name of the actress who played Lucy Baker in the TV series Lassie ?
Who wrote the lyrics to the 2016/2017 Australian production that stars Gretel Scarlett as Kathy Selden?
Where is the  highest level of baseball which Koichi Sekikawa is a former outfielder in located 
When was the English writer and screenwriter,died who was creator and writer of "Are You Being Served?" with David Croft?
Are Ballota and Myosotis both evergreens?
Who has written more than 300 papers, Semyon Aranovich Gershgorin or Pavel Alexandrov?
Jullian Allen a Brittish-American Illustrator had some of his Illustration published appear in Queen magazine. In 1970 the magazines name was changed to Harper's and Queen. What is the name of the magazine now ?
What year was the voice actress of an animated television series premiered on Cartoon Network born?
Which airport is further north, Valley International Airport or Aberdeen Regional Airport?
Where is the airline company that operated United Express Flight 3411 on April 9, 2017 on behalf of United Express headquartered?
What person, known also as Jane Ryan, has a four lane highway in the Philippines name after her? 
What was the 2010 population of the town where Bennett Hill Farm is located?
are Dee Dee Ramone and Alex Band both singers, songwriters and musicians?
Deckers Creek begins west of an unincorporated area in what West Virginia county?
where was the musician and stand up comedian who recorded and released a live performance at London's Bloomsbury Theatre in May 2008 born?
When was the album released for which Lady Gaga used for material for her Super Bowl LI halftime show?
What singer-songwriter performed the country pop sing "Fifteen"?
What is the name of the independent candidate in Maine's 2010 gubernatorial race who finished ahead of Libby Mitchell?
When was the father of Princess Mafalda of Savoy born ?
The subject of McGinniss' 1983 book "Fatal Vision" was convicted of murder in what year?
Belle & Sebastian: The Adventure Continues is the sequel to the 2013 film "Belle and Sebastian", a French adventure film directed by who?
Jesús Dautt is a Mexican professional footballer who is on loan from a club founded on what date?
Author David Chanoff has collaborated with a U.S. Navy admiral who served as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under which President?
What is the nationality of the wrestler who sang on A Jingle with Jillian?
The film series created by the team up of Robert Rodriguez and Ethan Maniquis created it lead character from a character in what other films series?
The rapper whose debut album was titled "Thug Misses" has sold over how many records worldwide?
The Jeep Cherokee was originally sold as a variant of a Jeep model produced during what years?
Panna a netvor is a re-telling of a classic tale by what novelist?
Are Siping, Jilin and Linhai both in the same province in China?
What game where a play must act as a night security guard was a new intellectual property released in 2014?
When was the track from which a sample was featured in "Take Me to the Clouds Above" released? 
Alexander Petrovich Nikolayev received the title Hero of the Soviet Union and the Order of Lenin for his actions during the   the final major offensive of the European theatre of what war?
When was the actor born who starred in Nambia: The Struggle for Liberation and played Roger Murtaugh in the "Lethal Weapon" film series?
The casino owner who was focused on the documentary Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press focuses belongs to which nationality? 
Dionne Bunsha worked most recently for the magazine published by what company?
Who wrote the 1995 American action film starring a two-time consensus All-American?
Claudine's Return starred the actress who played which role on "Married...with Children"?
What MLB pitcher nicknamed "Gander" was written about in "the Stratton Story">?
Which criminal case filed in Santa Clara County Superior Court did judge Aaron Persky rendered the verdict in
The name of the Japanese rock band T-Bolan was inspired by the name of an English rock band formed in what year?
Iola is a city along the Neosho River in a region of Kansas that can be defined by Woddson County in the northwest, and what county in the northeast?
What type of auto racing, performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks, is run for the Australian Street Stock Championship? 
Shani Gandi has worked with Kelsea Ballerini in what country?
Sand Lake Baptist Church is located in a hamlet with a population of what at the 2010 census?
Performers that have played at the L.B. Amphitheatre include an American rock band that originally formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1964, as who?
Brahmarshi Vishwamitra is a 1991 film produced & directed by a man that served as Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh for how many years?
In which language is the notable song by Suresh Peters from "Gentleman "?
Phil Edwards is an American surfer from California whose photo appeared in the cover of what magazine which has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week?
Are Distortion Mirrors and OK Go both considered rock bands?
Which Canadian Province was captured with the support of the Mi'kmaq, Maliseet, Passamaquoddy, Abenaki, and Penobscot?
Æthelweard was an author of a Latin version of which collection of Old English annals?
Are Tetrastigma and Spruce both types of plants?
Black Pearl was a South Korean girl group who were known to follow the steps of what Norwegian pop music duo comprising Marit Larsen and Marion Raven?
Are Cardinal Health and Kansas City Southern located in the same state?
Which American anthology horror series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk did  Denis O'Hare filmography performance in the first season of 
The USS Tortuga was named after the Dry Tortugas, a group of desert coral islets 60 miles west of which city with the motto "One Human Family"?
 The original serialized story of the Bride of Re-Animator film was titled "Herbert West–Reanimator" and written by an American author who achieved posthumous fame through his influential works of what?
 What is the title of the memoir written by the honoree of the Black and White Ball?
Ashley Benson portrayed the role of Brit in the 2012 crime film directed by whom?
By how many points did Dion Lewis' team trail by, in the third quarter, of the Super Bowl that they won ? 
Were Daniel Mann and Todd Solondz both directors?
Who is the director of Hollywood film "7th Heaven" (1927), Jerry Belson or  Frank Borzage?
"Look At Us Now" is a song by American DJs based in which city ?
Which actor in The Lieutenant Wears Skirts is named Samuel?
What Northern Ireland town founded in 1620 is the birthplace of one of the final four contestants from the seventh UK series of "The Apprentice"?
Tikkun and Moment are both what?
Shaheed Udham Singh is a movie based on what massacre that took place on 13 April, 1919?
Jin Jing is a Chinese female Paralympic fencer who called for a boycott of what retailer whose name means crossroads and public square in French?
Australian National Airways was founded by the person who made the first what in 1928?
Bobby Arora is the trading director of a retail chain that was formed in what year?
Who is older, Anne Noe or Jean-Marie Pfaff?
Douglas D. Scott is an American archaeologist most notable for his work at the site of a battle that occurred in what year?
What is the name of the company in Independent Hill, Virginia that is also headquartered in Houston Texas?
The album on which "Desperado" appeared released on what date?
What year was the film that starred the composer for "The Naked Brothers Band"?
What languages is the journal that Michel Feher semi-regularly blogs for published in?
What giant silverware company was started as a religious Utopian group and was for many years run by Pierrepont Noyes?
Are Danie Visser and Oliver Marach both Grand Slam tennis tournament winners at doubles?
An Cat Dubh / Into the Heart is a song from the U2 album released on what date?
What Japanese fashion label was founded by the creator of Dover Street Market?
Be Quick '28  football club is locayed in what province?
What is the nickname of the island that is 1,415 km further to the east-southeast of Tokyo?
SkyJump Las Vegas is located at a hotel on what street?
In which European country was Aimé Félix Tschiffely born in?
What movie was the actor born on May 4, 1946 involved in in 1972?
Which rock band has released more albums, Shihad or Morningwood? 
What is the nationality of the poet who wrote Une Tempete and first performed it in Tunisia?
Which country is home to Alsa Mall and Spencer Plaza?
Not About Angels was used in the film adaptation of what novel by John Green?
What movie directed by Tim Fywell, included the actress who also appeared in "Euro Trip" and "Inspector Gadget"?  
When was the company that owns Bonifacio High Street founded?
Holland Park is located next to the shopping center owned by which corporation?
Which is a Macedonian weekly, Hänt Extra or Tea Moderna?
How many small-box format stores are there for one of Newell Brands' brand that sells scented candles, candleholders, accessories, and dinnerware?
The actress that plays Charity in the drama series "Greenleaf" is a member of a musical family from what city and state?
Are Gael and Fitness published in the same country?
Hostel: Part III is the first film in the series to be neither written nor directed by a director born in which year ?
What was the name of the soap opera that Thomas Ormson played David Platt and Adam Rickitt plated Nick Tilsley?
Clone of clones played alongside a band from where? 
The Walkley Heights suburb is located on land that was the home of a prison built in what year?
What town's geographic feature is the battle James Swan was twice wounded at named for?
The Dogwoman telemovies were created by an actress born in what year?
Double Jeopardy is a 1999 film starring an American political activist best known for an ongoing acting career spanning how long?
Andrew Jaspan was the co-founder of what not-for-profit media outlet?
The actress that played the leading role in the independent film "A Perfect Ending" also stars with John Bregar in a 2008 film directed by who?
Who is the wife of the actor who played Derrick Banning in EastEnders in 1996 ?
What year did the infantry regiment featured in the 2006 film "Only the Brave" begin?
Pak Sao is a technique in the martial art specializing in what type of fighting?
The "Happy Fun Ball" was the subject of a series of parody advertisements on a show created by who?
What does the brewery that is located in the home of Neuhaus produce?
Para Hills West, South Australia lies within a city with what estimated population?
Which director was also a film editor, Burton L. King or Maheen Zia?
What platinum selling track was included on the album "The Warrior's Code" with lyrics by Woody Guthrie?
Liz Rose has co-written songs with which artist including "White Horse" and "You Belong with Me"?
What country does Washington Dulles International Airport and Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area have in common?
 Steven S. Crompton is a Canadian-born artist known as the artist for a a fantasy role-playing game designed by Ken St. Andre and first published by who?
What Dutch painter specialized in domestic interior scenes of middle class life and has a painting of a young woman dressed in a yellow shawl in the Louvre, Paris?
Were H. G. Wells and Rubén Darío both English?
In what year was the son of Max Weinreich born?
What NHL team drafted Kaspars Astasenko in 1999 and won the Stanley Cup in 2003-04?
Eduard Schweizer teaches at a German university with over how many students? 
Which professional stock racing driver has won the Xfinity Series twice, and beat Kevin Harvick in the 2016 Bojangles' Southern 500?
In what year was the Commander of the second human spaceflight mission in the United States Apollo space program born?
Little Big Girl was a Simpsons episode directed by the animator and artist of what nationality?
 Among Kele Okereke and Jon Hume who made the New Zealand band Evermore?
What is the founding year of this public research university in the Netherlands, where Jan Borgman was a professor from 1968 to 1988?
Riom Trial was headed by the French general who reached what distinction?
WBYA is a radio station licensed to a town with what population as of the 2010 census?
Saltillo Engine is an engine plant in Ramos Arizpe that belongs to the American subsidiary of what company?
What is the name of the 1999 film directed by Roman Polanski and starring his wife Emmanuelle Seigner that was a world-wide success but critically and commercially unsuccessful in North America?
An actress in Strange Fruit was better known for a role in CBS sitcom.  Which sitcom is this actress better known for than her role in Strange Fruit?
With whom did this American singer, songwriter and record producer, who contributed to the single "Marvin Gaye" with Julie Frost, co-produced and performed the 2015 song for a movie soundtrack?
What year was the alphabetically first writer of Fairytale of New York born?
where was class of warships which ARA "Sarandí" is its fourth and last ship built 
Who is the lead vocalist for Maroon 5's sixth studio album?
Who acted in the film and television series, "Harry and the Hendersons," and also worked with Danny Glover?
Which magazine, the British response to magazines such as "Playboy" and "Penthouse" did horror author Graham Masterton edit?
Between Pinanga and Alopecurus which genus is more common in temperate regions?
What is the birth name of Nadeem Siddique's favorite boxer?
What nationality is the man who developed the dictator game?
Domestic Disturbance stars an actor who voiced what character in "Monsters, Inc."?
Are both Yixing and Shaoshan county-level cities in China?
Which has more species Laurus or Liriodendron?
In what Mississippi county is the city that is located five miles west of the county seat of said county?
Chien-Shiung Wu's expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to a scientist who passed away in which year ?
Are Centaurium and Dacrydium both genuses of plant species?
Kasimir Bileski was a noted stamp dealer based in a Canadian province that is bordered by which 2 US states?
Are Kim Dong-jun and Charlie Harper both singers?
Are both Smoking Bishop and Caipirinha beverages?
What island in the center of Pearl Harbor is connected to the O'ahu by a floating bridge?
Name an American actress who starred both in High School High and General Hospital.
The National Council meets where in the Federal Palace?
Siegi Sessler was the restaurateur whose club was frequented by which actress with Welsh ancestry?
The CNN-News18 Indian of the Year award was created by Sagarika Ghose and a news anchor born in what year?
The Northern Chamber Orchestra gives concerts at what estate owned by the National Trust?
What classmate of Tony Hendra is the Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge?
Were both Peter Duffell and Fred Niblo actors?
In what city was the Italian Baroque composer who composed a set of sonatas, titled Op. 5, born?
Who left the South Korean music group"2PM" before the release of the group's DVD called "Take Off"?
What year was the company, who released Forever Kingdom for PlayStation 2, founded?
What actor from the show Murphy Brown also had a role in a show with fellow actor Steve Howey? 
In which year was this public research university in which Brock Marion played college football founded?
Do D-A-D and Gândul Mâței play the same style of rock music?
Nathan Bridger was a character played by which actor and amateur boxer?
Are Ainslee's Magazine and The Australian Women's Weekly both monthly magazines?
Who was the creator of the American political satire comedy television series in which Sufe Bradshaw plays an acerbic secretary named Sue?
What African country is bordered by Libya and the Sudan and is known for the Dar Sila region?
Corbin Sinclair Bryant played for the Buffalo Bills and what other NFL team that was founded in 1933, and is the oldest franchise in the AFC?
Which 2003 action-adventure platforming video game was written by Reid Harrison?
Kevin Yorn an American entertainment attorney who represents an Australian actor who  played the role of Josh Taylor in what soap opera?
What Albanian department is reasonbile for an international integration effort first started in 2014?
What is the name of the national level academy for performing arts that Bhupen Hazarika won his award in 2008? 
are the documentaries Out of Place and The Mosuo Sisters by the same director ?
Charles Barkley changed his jersey number to #32 in honor of a player born in which year ?
What actress starred in "The Golden Girls" and was an animal rights activist?
Jim Halsey guided the career of the musician who hosted what country variety show?
Paddington is a television program based on the books that first appeared on what date?
Camp Modin moved to the Belgrade Lakes region of Maine from its previous location in what Maine county?
Who was the recipient of a prize also given to a player for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian?
Naseer & Shahab is a Pakistani band playing a genre that dominated radio in what decade?
What dynasty was the creator of Mouten Cadet wine a part of?
This British television series was adapted from one of the better-known novels of a 19th-century writer and was first published in what magazine? 
Are Donald Fagen and Lauren Laverne of the same nationality?
When was the date of birth of one of the founder of Congo Reform Association?
Which was formed first, Noori or Test Icicles?
What is the former name of the animal whose habitat the Réserve Naturelle Lomako Yokokala was established to protect?
How many European Jews died in the catastrophe of which Eva Hayman is a survivor?
Are Mick Jagger and Brett Scallions both musicians?
 "Coming Over" is the second Japanese single album by a boy group that debuted in what year?
In what year was the director of the 2016 American-British biographical drama film which stars Rebecca Hall as Christine Chubbuck born?
Who was the leading actor of the Christmas movie that Rebecca Forstadt did background voices for?
Which American rock band is from Chapel Hill, North Carolina - Polvo or The Black Keys?
When Jeris Pendleton was first drafted out of college, what was the name of the field that him and his teammates played their home games on?
Who founded the collective which released the album Messe I.X-VI.X?
"Do Lafzon Ki Kahani" is a remake of a Korean movie directed by which director ?
When was the University established where Laura Landweber is a professor ?
Dum Dum Motijheel College is located in the capital of West Bengal?
Are Waco Regional Airport and Idaho Falls Regional Airport both city owned airports?  
Where was the telefilm shot that was based on the 1977 Katherine Paterson book?
When was the first stud book created for the breed of horse that came from Rotrou introducing Arabian horses to Perche?
The Sports Museum is a non-profit museum currently located in what multi-purpose arena that opened in 1995?
When did Henrietta Ponsonby's father die?
Which player is from Brazil, Jimmy Connors or Maria Bueno?
Where does the founder of The International Grenfell Association act as a missionary to?
On February 25, 2017 tony Harrison lost the the International Boxing Federation light middleweight world title to a boxer from what state?
Cartman Finds Love is an episode from the sitcom created by whom?
Which founder of Alcatraz East was born on March 31, 1956?
Arnold Richards was the former chair of what organization that is a member of the Center for Jewish History?
Who directed the black comedy in 1984 that started the American actress and singer best known for her role as Sally Morrison on "My Three Sons"?
When was the actor who plays Marius Josipovic in Sneaky Pete born?
Which Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai Greenland Shenhua was one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in Italy, Spain, England and Germany?
Which American character actor who starred on the television series "Stargate SG-1" (1997–2007) and appeared in "Episode 8" of "Twin Peaks" as a guest star?
Town's first season in their new stadium was under the leadership of an English Football manager who was born when?
When was the American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer and actress born who's second studio album is Chapter II?
Kyle York is the Chief Strategy Officer of a company that was aqured by what corporation in 2016?
When did the HBO series that Alice Wetterlund star in premier?
The Clavivox was invented by an American composer who was born Harry Warnow in what year?
What is the nationality of the dancer who partnered Tom Chambers in the sixth season of Strictly Come Dancing ?
What kind of group does Takahiro Moriuchi and Doug Pinnick have in common?
When was the writer of Seesaw born? 
When was the college which Albert Simons taught at founded?
What was the code name of The landing barge primarily used to provide hot meals to the landing crew?
Atlanta Zero Mile Post is located within a historic area opened in what year ?
When was the Indian film actor, producer and playback singer born who debut with the 2000 War film, "Refugee" and had lead role in Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon?
Which writer of the song "Money, Money, Money" by pop group ABBA was born on 16 December 1946 ?
Which Croatian professional basketball player (a shooting guard) did New Jersey Nets acquire during their 1990–91 season?
The lead of the CBS series "I Had Three Wives" played what role in "Godspell"?
When was the English-born South Australian brewer whose brewery was amalgamated with W. K. Simms's West End Brewery. born 
This Zimbabwean singer/songwriter co-wrote a song recorded by a Barbadian singer for her fourth studio album named what?
Which star of A Family Affair was born in September of 1948?
What South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment recorded the Korean language song Lion Heart?
Alexandra Park in Greater Manchester, England was created in response to an event that ook place during what years?
What NFL Team, undefeated in 1972, had on their staff the coach of the 2004 Florida Atlantic Owls football team?
Channel 8 has broadcast which American sports series that premiered in 1973?
When was the director of an American short slasher film with French-speaking serial killers that was released on October 31, 2011 born?
Margaret Clifford, Countess of Derby was the daughter the Earl who was seated at which castle from 1310 to 1676?
Are Tímea Babos and Jack Sock tennis players?
Casey Jr. Splash 'n' Soak Station is an attraction in a city located in which county ?
What year was the album featuring the trio made up of Posdnuos, Dave, and Maseo, alongside Lebanese-Syrian rapper Eslam Jawaad release?
What is the birth date of this American composer, who composed the Ghost Quartet?
How many Golden Globe Awards did the artist who published the photo book "In Mexico" win?
Who married a man who starred in Marcus Welby, M.D.?
Are Gabe Saporta and Robert Plant both English?
Which director was also a writer, Noel M. Smith or Reza Parsa?
In what county is the General Motors Technical Center located?
 The 2011–12 Houston Rockets season began with the drafting of the player who now plays for what team?
The song "Only a Pawn in Their Game" was based on a crime whose perpetrator was convicted in this year.
Jayaraj made the 2016 epic historical drama that is an adaptation of what Shakespeare play?
Britt Walford played with what musician who is best known for his guitar work in the band Maurice
Who was the narrator of the 26-episode series which featured the British national museum organization with branches at five locations in England?
Toby Kebbell starred in a fantasy action film based on a video game series in 2016 notably set in teh world of what?
Kadeem Jack is a player in a league that started with how many teams?
Alexander Young, also known as George Alexander, is the uncle to which Scottish musician who replaced Malcolm Young in the band AC/DC in 2014?
What kind of group does At the Drive-In and Muse have in common?
Which dog is used for herding, the Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound or Dutch Shepherd?
The Lisbon Traviata revolves around fans of the soprano who was of what nationality?
In which county does the United States Navy air base located in which  Attack Squadron 174 (VA-174) was based on?
What was the specialization of an American naval officer who led the aircraft of the United States Antarctic Service to photograph Cox Point?
Christopher Nixon Cox is the son of an American politician who is currently the chairman of what?
The evil clown is a subversion of the traditional comic clown character with the modern archetype popularised by a book that follows the experiences of how many children?
Ellesmere Port Town Football Club are currently members of what English football league whose current principal sponsor is Carlsberg?
In what year was the Golden State NBA player, who was part of the Cavaliers-Warriors rivalry, named NBA Finals Most Valuable Player?
Any Questions for Ben? was directed by which Australian producer and actor?
Risingson is the first single from what album by Massive Attack, that was the first to be produced by Neil Davidge, along with the group?
The figure skater who was coached to Olympic, World, and national titles by Richard Callaghan was born in what year?
Are Alexander Kluge and Sidney Salkow of the same nationality?
"Waputik" is the Stoney Indian word for a large hoofed mammal endemic to what continet?
How tall was one of Drew Barry's brothers? 
When was the American film, television and theater actress born who was a star in the film the Matchmaker and also received the 40th AFI Life Achievement Award?
Which one between Milium and Eucommia lives more widely spread across the world?
George Molnar was born in a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary that existed from 1867 until when?
 Chun Woo-hee's notable films include a South Korean horror film about  a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and what?
What occupation do Graham Streeter and Geir Hansteen Jörgensen both have in common.
What 2003 Christmas-themed romantic comedy did Gregor Fisher have a role in?
Who was born first, Helen Jonas-Rosenzweig or Amon Göth?
What English rock band with Guy Garvey did Joe Duddell work with?
How many top 20 singles did the singer that released the 1990 album "Reputation" have?
In the The Simpsons episode "Principal Charming, Homer invites a character over for dinner who is voiced by whom?
What year was the early consumer co-operative, in which a 2012 British biographical feature film tells the story of, formed?
Who directed the film that had "The Distance" in the soundtrack?
Which university has more campuses, Dalhousie University or California State Polytechnic University, Pomona?
Were The Living Desert and What Would Jesus Buy? directed by the same person?
Are Chlidanthus and Maianthemum both flowering plants?
Are both Parodia and Thalictrum flowering plants?
China Bio-Immnunity has developed a vaccine for which viral disease that causes brain inflammation?
The 2017 Los Angeles Chargers season was the first season under which coach that began his professional coaching career with the Denver Broncos in 2000?
Under which ring name does the wrestler who participated in a taser match with Bam Bam Bigelow, associate himself with in the World Wrestling Federation?
Indian Mound Cottage was owned by the financier that co-founded which company?
 Curious is a women's fragrance by a singer born in what city and state?
Which artist has worked with King Crimson and also released a solo album in 2011?
Which plant has more species, Hydrangea or Abrus?
Mischa Anne Barton's first major film role was the protagonist of a movie written by who?
"Tunak", is a bhangra/pop love song by an artist born in which year ?
Among the cast for "Suicide Squad", who has also appeared in "Flags of Our Fathers"?
Conrad Anker located the body of a mountaineer who took part it the first three British expeditions to which mountain?
What abbey, founded in 598, was Clarembald a monk at?
Are Hot Rod and The Memory of Our People both magazines?
Which tendencies does a group like Uyoku dantai fall under?
The central figure used in the corporate branding of Singapore Airlines has been an element of it's marketing since what year?
Which film was created more recently, Koyaanisqatsi or Mad Hot Ballroom?
A Wind in the Door is part of a series written by who?
Which Italian-American composer and librettist wrote the English language opera, Maria Golovin?
Are Northwestern University and Middlebury College both private schools?
Which English musician is known for both the songs "See Yourself" and "Withing You Without You"?
The Pappas house is the largest of the Usonian Automatics built after a house located in what village?
Syracuse Orange men's basketball team was part of a conference that participated in how many total sports?
When was the actor born who starred in Sugarfoot?
The Combs–Hehl Bridge is a twin span single pier cantilever bridge carrying an intersate loop that encloses and area of over how many acres? 
At which rank did the American author, military historian, illustrator and painter, born in 1913, who survived the surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service against the United States finally retire?
Werner Christie served under the politician who was also Director-General of what other organization?
Which is a record producer, Zach Bogosian or Daron Malakian?
Which American film director hosted the 18th Independent Spirit Awards in 2002?
What lake in Australia is named after a Scottish Knight?
Which university did the third pick by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2014 NBA draft attend before he was drafted?
On which 2012 American military science fiction action film, directed by Peter Berg, did Jason Snell work? 
When was George Harrison's second single from his album, that was made with rising conflicts with Warner Bros., released in the United States? 
In what year was the writer of "The Bet" born?
Which band formed first, Awolnation or Foo Fighters?
 Underfist: Halloween Bash was going to be the setup for a new series spin-off but the contract expired with a cable and television station that was launched on October 1, 19962 by whom?
What American actress starred in the 1996 television film "Bastard Out of Carolina" directed by Anjelica Huston?
Which genus has more species, Azorina or Azadirachta?
Pontiac marketed the 2+2 as the "big brother" to an automobile built by Pontiac between which years ?
On what UHF channel is the station that Cindy Williams is on broadcast?
What year did the director of "Madadayo" die?
What was the budget of the film in which Kodi Smit-McPhee voiced Norman Babcock?
Philip Kraft lectured at the largest university in what European country?
Terence Richard "Terry" Norris starred in a 2007 Australian drama film that was directed by Richard Roxburgh, and was based on a memoir by who?
Joseph Benavidez has been compared favorably to which retired bantamweight and featherweight MMA fighter?
Where did the tribe Mato-tope chief over reside?
What liberal arts college has their athletic teams named the Lincoln Memorial Railsplitters?
When was the singer of Miss Emily's Picture born?
What is the organized crime syndicate founded and led by Carlos Alberto Rosales Mendoza who is friends with Osiel Cárdenas Guillén?
 Force India VJM10 is a Formula One racing car previous driven by Nico Hülkenberg, and is now driven by which driver born 17 September 1996?
Are  Chrysalis and Look both women's magazines?
In the CBS television sitcome Double Rush, Johnny Verona, manager of a bicycle delivery service in New York City was played by an actor of what nationality?
The Wright Model B was an early pusher biplane designed by what inventors and aviation pioneers who are credited with building the world's first successful airplane?
Who starred in My Dog Skip and Malcolm in the Middle?
Heath Ledger Australian actor was in the movie Brokeback Mountain directed by who?
The Meadowbrook State Parkway connects to the Southern State Parkway in a community with what population as of the 2010 census?
Evan Buliung played the character Aragon who is based on a character in a book series written by which author? 
 Who was born first Burton Cummings or Sharleen Spiteri?
What is the birthday of the actress who was the Duchess in "The Revengers Tragedy"?
Le Rêve was created by the director behind what Cirque du Soleil production from 1998 onward?
Which band originated from the United States, Milky Chance or Stone Temple Pilots?
Are both Jack and Coke and Clover Club Cocktail cocktails?
What year was the actor son of Jeremiah Porter born? 
What genre of music did Benjamin Burnley and Yannis Philippakis have in common?
What was the name of the treaty that made Hungary a landlocked state which contained the Kolozsvar Ghetto?
Which musician obtained fame first, Terry Kath or Róisín Murphy?
In which state is Stewart Nozette imprisoned?
SuperMansion starred the actress who had a recurring role as whom on Workaholics?
James Fieser received his B.A. from what liberal arts work college that was founded in 1855?
Which member of the music group Guy spearheaded the fusion genre New Jack Swing with Bernard Belle in the 1980's? 
Who was the older brother of the leader who asked Juan Romero de Figueroa to remain at his parish?
The movies The Boatniks and The Great Locomotive Chase were both made by which production company?
Are Norman Z. McLeod and Sam Wanamaker both directors?
High School Confidential, an eight part documentary followed twelve high school teenagers from a high school in Overland Park, Kansas that ranked what in the 2009 Newsweek ranking of the top 1,500 high schools in the United States?
Is It Just Me? was a single by the English rock band from what Suffolk city?
In what town is the university which the Bryant Bulldogs represent?
What German state was Karl Julius Perleb born in?
The non-fiction book "Finding Chandra" is about an affair between the victim and a congressman that holds a B.B.A from what school?
Which conflict involving the Mende ethnic group lasted for eleven years?
Which species of trees is larger Dryopteris or Gymnocladus?
The director of Panic 5 Bravo was born in what year?
Who is the player that is Dutch who was the head of the Arsenal Football Club?
Are Toshi and Warrel Dane both in the band Sanctuary?
What university employed the psychologist that inspired David McClelland's thinking on power??
What school was the actress who appeared with Michelle Williams in the last play by Russian playwright Anton Chekhov attending when she was signed on for a talent holding deal?
Ernest Foot was the best friend of the fighter pilot who had how many victories?
Politician Lyman Sherwood was born in what New York county?
What 1989-born Liverpool player was Jim Cassell responsible for developing?
The host of PokerFace is from where?
The Ran Paul presidential campaign, 2016 event was held at a hotel on what river?
Which composer was born earlier, Paul Hindemith or Béla Bartók?
Marvel Classics Comics specialized in adaptations of literary classics, such as a novel by American writer Herman Melville, that was published in what year?
Which movie used more styles of animation and filming, James and the Giant Peach or Tangled ?
Both Hatter and March Hare are characters in which book?
Between MetroSource and Chicago, which magazine is published more frequently?
Marcus Wayne Garland spent nine seasons with an American professional baseball team that is based in Baltimore, Maryland, and was one of the AMerican League's original eight charter franchises when the league was established in what year?
Runaway Scrape events of the Texas Revolution, culminating in this Battle, was a fight that lasted how long?
Who manages the Laboratory that ran the Aurora Generator Test?
Irish print journalist, Arthur Quinlan, was the only one to interviewed which major figure of the Cuban Revolution?
David Thewlis had a performance in the film Macbeth as which father of Malcolm and Donalbain?
Are the libretto of Tristan und Isolde and Ariane et Barbe-bleue in the same language?
Which singer of the Bee Gees sung a middle part of a song in which the majority was sung by Barry Gibb?
Where was the founder of the Trussed Concrete Steel Company raised?
Are both Coldplay and Pierre Bouvier from the same country?
Which man who presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid was born on October 22, 1930?
What is the name of the place in The Chronicles of Narnia where Lucy Pevensie and Mr. Tumnus meet?
Where was the father of the Jackson, Mississippi mayor elected in 2017 born?
Are Yut and Tsuro both board games?
Do Singapore Sling and Fish House Punch both contain alcohol?
Akademik Lomonosov was named after a Russian polymath, scientist, and writer, who discovered the atmosphere of what planet?
Maryland Jockey Club operates a race track in the largest municipality in which Maryland county?
 "She's a Mystery to Me" is a song on an album released in 1989 by what label?
Who directed a 2009 comedy released by BBC Films?
Which English Egyptologist is known mainly for his works in the Egyptian Museum that is named after the capital of Egypt?
Does Kurt Cobain and Glenn Frey work in the music industry?
How many Grands Prix wins did the Formula One driver from Brazil that holds the record for the most races contested score?
Haier has North American rights to which appliance company headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky?
What type of media does Jeff Rona and Veeram have in common?
Who was this American Founding Father, a proponent of democracy, republicanism, and individual rights, examined Ice Age fossils of Kentucky's Big Bone Lick?
Who played Selby Wall in the film that Charlize Theron won an Academy Award for?
Where was the first governor after the The Missouri Compromise from?
Which Scottish playwright wrote the poem "Havisham"?
The Look of Love" is a popular song which appeared in the 1967 spoof James Bond film "Casino Royale", a film based on the novel of the same name by which author?
Van Andel Institute was founded in part by what American businessman, who was best known as co-founder of the Amway Corporation?
In 1991 Euromarché was bought by a chain that operated how any hypermarkets at the end of 2016?
Which airline partners with Gogo Inflight Internet and opened in 1984?
At what theater is the composer and lyricist for the musical Big Fish a residential artist?
What science fantasy young adult series, told in first person, has a set of companion books narrating the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species?
Following The Simple Things a featurette directed by Burny Mattinson was produced, called what?
Les Patterson Saves the World was a comedy film starring the author of which autobiography?
Are Staten Island Catapult and This Is Elvis both documentaries?
What state was the dissenter in Kessler v. Treat from?
Ashly Burch is known for voicing Aloy in a video game released in what year?
What company started the urban complex development that included the highrise building, The Harmon?
Is the school where Aaron Parrett currently teaches English Literature public or private?
Chantal Thomas wrote a book that was turned into a 2012 film directed by whom?
The 2015 CrossFit Games were held at what multiple-use sports complex that is approximately 14 miles south of Downtown Los Angeles?
In which year was the King who made the 1925 Birthday Honours born?
As of 2010, what was the population of the county that was named after the 13th Speaker of the House of Representatives?
What nationality is the sport club that the current coach of Werder Bremen played professionally for?
The 34th Pursuit Squadron of the United States Air Force was among the 60,000-80,000 prisoners of war who were involved the Bataan Death March during what war?
The producer of "Live By NIght" began his film career playing what role in "Critters 3"?
What 1876 battle featured the Other Magpie?
Where is the singer of "B Boy" raised?
The album "The Best of LeAnn Rimes" contained a song used as the theme song for a film. What is the name of the film?
What character did G.D. Spradlin's collaborator Marlon Brando portray in "On the Waterfront"?
Thursday Night Showcase is sponsored by the firm that is headquartered in what city?
Edmund Robert Harris is the principal benefactor of a museum located where ?
In what year was the team that Luke Clark plays either right back or central midfielder for founded?
Where was the singer born who performs Pon de Replay and was born Robyn Fenty?
Which character did this Australian-American actress who appeared in the movie "Felony" play in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away?"
What was the birth name of the start of Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth?
Are Colocasia and Coronilla both flowering plants?
What is represented on the cover art of the studio album that includes the song "Speed of Sound"?
When was the  former Indian cricketer who made his ODI debuts during the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy born? 
What country does Hatton Hill and Hatton Castle, Angus have in common?
What nationality is the singer who recorded "Who I Was Born to Be"?
Which star in the movie Hush was born April 20, 1949?
Matt Doheny lost his primary race to what current youngest woman ever elected to Congress?
Were both Pam Shriver and Amélie Mauresmo alive in the 1960s?
When was the head coach representing the Eastern Conference during the 2000 NBA All-Star Game born?
What empire was Aleksei Gen born into?
Who was the director behind the Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas that was first performed on December 25, 1993?
Which British music producer and engineer is notable for working wih an English electronic band having the founders: Dave Gahan, Martin Gore, and Andy Fletcher?
Are Pothos and Tibouchina Aubl both flowering genus of plants?
Who was an important leader of the Democratic-Republican Party?
The man known as the voice of "Elgar" voices the English character in what Manga inspired by Keitaro Arima?
Born 2 B.R.E.E.D. was co-written by the late singer-songwriter who has sold over how many records worldwide?
Which band has released the most studio albums, Blonde Redhead or Rob Zombie's band White Zombie?
Kiki Preston was the alleged mother of a child born out of wedlock with a prince born in which year ?
In what 1997 American mystery crime film did Johnny Galecki start in?
Where do the team that John Grant joined after the 1972 World Cup now play their games ?
 "Hold On" is a song that features the vocals of a British singer whose debut album won what prize in 2017?
Which skyscraper has more floors, the SNCI Tower or 8 Spruce Street?
Can Stenocereus and Pachypodium both include tree like plants?
Which year did the band, who released "Hooligan's Holiday," retire?
Which Canadian artist is credited with first coming up with the title of Various Positions?
Gualdo Tadino Cathedral, a Roman Catholic cathedral, was dedicated to Saint Bendict of Nursia who is a patron saint of what continent?
The producer of the Eric Church album "The Outsiders" was a member of what band in the 1980's?
Spill.com gave their final review for a movie directed by who?
Which party dominated the last three elections of the state in which Arataca is a municipality?
The Black Belly of the Tarantula starred an actress who married what former member of the Beatles?
Which American spy thriller TV series, which was developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, had a fourth season episode titled "Krieg Nicht Lieb?"
When is the 2010 population of a town in Waldo County which was covered by "Maine School Administrative District 3"?
The Story of Them Featuring Van Morrison is a compilation album recorded by what Northern Irish band formed in Belfast in April 1964?
Are After Midnight Project and Aaroh both rock bands?
What is the population of the town that starts with the letter "B" that is connected by State Route 582 to Las Vegas?
Who has won the most Olympic medals for figure skating, Debi Thomas or Katarina Witt?
The composer of the music for the ballet "The Seasons"  was the director of what organization from 1905 to 1928?
The physicist that saw a deficiency in Newton's classical theory of gravity received a Nobel Prize in what year?
What was the 2010 population of the city established around St. Mary's Mission?
E! Hollywood Hold'em was hosted by a poker player of what nationality?
Are Super High Me and All in This Tea both documentaries?
What actress from "The House of Mirth" played an FBI agent involved in the cover up of extraterrestrials?
Paul DeBoy is known for an appearance in the Western action-adventure game developed by which company?
Are Roger Waters and Tom Johnston both musicians?
Who is the son of John Button under contract with as a driver?
Who is older, Ferdi Taygan or Mahesh Bhupathi?
In which year was the choreographer for "Best Foot Forward" born?
One of Central Dublin's most historic working-class neighbourhoods is the home to a football club who were the first ever winners of what cup?
What was the name of the bear promoted to corporal in the Polish army, and celebrated by an ongoing fundraising trust based in Scotland?
Which production company was involved with both of the movies A Kid in King Arthur's Court and The Great Locomotive Chase?
Which major Australian city is close to the Pelican Point Power Station on the Lefevre Peninsula?
What group released a song called "Stinkfist" on September 17, 1996?
Which school is older, Dartmouth College or Cornell University?
In what year was the county in which Kentucky's 20th-largest city is located founded?
A Hand Is on the Gate marked the Broadway directorial debut of what American actor who resisted playing stereotypically black roles?
Spawn, a fictional character who Mustafa Shakir has expressed interest in playing, was created by?
Having written singles for several country acts, including Randy Travis, Blake Shelton, and Keith Whitley, what singer song writer achieved his 3rd No 1 single by writing "Always and Forever"?
Are both Trace Cyrus and Jizzy Pearl vocalists?
What fellow Turkish footballer did Darko Kovačević form an offensive partnership with during his tenure at Real Sociedad?
Sebastian Gutierrez is known for writing the screenplay for the 2003 film directed by whom?
A series of ministerial meetings and agreements between European countries and includes The Swedish higher education system is called what?
The Battle of Uddevalla occurred during what 1675-1679 wars?
In what year year was the believed subject of the Lenny Kravitz song "Lady" born?
Who were the directors of the 2009 American science fiction film starring the actor who played Dexter Morgan in the Showtime TV Network series "Dexter"?
Were Rosario Castellanos and Lucy Maud Montgomery both authors?
Deckers Creek is a tributary, and its beginning in the west is named after?
Jared Has Aides was about the spokesperson for which company?
How often do trains run on the system which has a terminal station located at the intersection of 32nd Street and Sixth Avenue in the Herald Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City?
Which magazine was created first, Macworld or Soaps In Depth?
 "One Less Set of Footsteps" is a song written and performed by a singer born in which year ?
What is the nickname for the artist who released "Sings the Country Music Hall of Fame Hits, Vol. 2?"
In what year did both Orson Scott Card's novel "Ender's Game" and Keri Hulme's "The Bone People" come out?
How many laps did Harry Prowell run during the 10,000 metres race at the 1967 Pan American Games?
Selena Quintanilla-Pérez's assistant and head of her fan club will be eligible for parole on what date?
When was  Evelyn Waugh famous work first published 
Who lived longer, Leonid Khachiyan or Nikolai Lobachevsky?
Where is the host of the American survival skills reality show, The Island, originally from?
Giovanna d'Arco is an opera that was created by the composer of what nationality?
How long did the career span of the actor who starred with Mickey Rooney and Marilyn Maxwell in Off Limits?
In what year did the manager of the singer-songwriter best known for "American Pie" die?
José Baviera starred in the 1962 film by the filmmaker who worked in what countries?
Are Kenji Mizoguchi and David Wall from the same country?
Who is the American singer-songwriter, who won an award for Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, and wrote a song for the 'AT&T Team USA Soundtrack'?
Are The Writer and Jewish Currents both magazines ?
John MacGregor, Baron MacGregor of Pulham Market was educated at the University of St Andrews and another university established by what monach?
Do Matthew Good Band and Sleep Room play the same type of music?
Are Cryptanthus and Gagea, both a genus?
What was the nickname of the author of the comic strip on which a a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox was based?
What profession does Leonty Magnitsky and Leonid Khachiyan have in common?
Fodder on My Wings is an album by a singer/pianist/songwriter born in which year ?
What is the 2010 census population of the city in which Antonio Carmona Añorve was the director of police?
Which How to Steal a Million actor attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art?
Pablo Jose Ozuna is the cousin of a Dominican professional baseball left fielder who made his MLB debut in what year?
Who is this American cartoonist, writer, producer, animator, and voice actor that worked with this multiple Shuster Award, Harvey Award and Eisner Award nominee and an Eisner Award–winning comic book creator?
The 2015 American drama film, Being Charlie, stars which Canadian actor that appeared in "Adoration" and "Saw VI"?
Who was born first Am Rong or Ava DuVernay ?
When was the author of "Albert Speer: His Battle with Truth"  convicted? 
Which Houston, TX based store did Paul Traub participate in the bankruptcy hearing?
What movie was released at a later date, My Dog Tulip or Monsters vs. Aliens?
In recent decades American schools have included much more on ncient times tens of thousands of years ago with the settlement of the Americas by who?
Which 2010 Norwegian documentary miniseries featured an expert who is the Director of the University of Cambridge's Autism Research Centre?
Is The Joy Formidable or Sixpence None the Richer a christian rock band?
What Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales created in 1906 covers suburbs like Alexandria?
Who is still alive today, Franklin Adreon or Ryan Gosling?
Fiske O'Hara was born in what city Knox County, Maine, that had a population of 2,297 as of the 2010 census?
Dr. Saleha Mahmood Abedin's daughter was born in what year ?
Martin Patterson "Pat" Hingle was a close friend of an actor who achieved success in what Western TV series? 
Which of the two airlines that operate flights into Enrique Malek International Airport is the larger air carrier in Panama?
On December 4, 1872, the ship Mary Celeste, captained by Benjamin Briggs, was found unmanned and drifting in the Altantic Ocean near what location?
Are John O'Hara and Rabindranath Tagore the same nationality?
Which of the following has released ten solo albums: Kristin Hersh or Mike Patton?
Which town does Ronald F. Collins represent that a town in York County, Maine, United States?
Which is founded by a president, University of Washington or University of Virginia?
In what year was the writer of the drama "Ingenious" born?
The 22nd AVN Awards took place in what Nevada county?
What did the person in which the Toronto Pearson International Airport is named in honour of organize to win the Nobel Peace Prize?
Arrêtez-moi is a film in which film genre, known for suspense and anxiety?
When was the Austrian "Schutzstaffel" (SS) officer born based on who's life Schapira co-authored a book?
This event which was part of the 1954 AAA National Championship Trail was held at a racing circuit located at the corner of what?
How many restaurants comprise the quick service restaurant chain that Ron Joyce helped found?
What year was the man, who is credited for developing a Crescograph, born?
What production company co-owned by Kevin Loader and Rodger Michell produced My Cousin Rachel?
Mogens Palle brought to Denmark a World Lightweight Champion from where?
James Conlon directed the oldest outdoor Music Festival that is located and what state?
On what continent is the business port that was struck by one of its worst typhoons in history on 2 September 1937?
Cagliostro-Walzer op.370 was composed by a man born in what year?
When did the coach of the 1963 Oklahoma Sooners football team die ?
The infantry rifle regiment of the British Army that Talaiasi Labalaba served in was first created in what year?
Was the documentary labeled "The River"have the same reasoning to be made as the documentary labeled "Crazy English?"
The 53rd National Hockey League All-Star Game took place at the indoor arena that was completed in what year?
The King George V Bridge crosses the River Trent near a small village 4 mi west of where?
Which genus has more species, Apium or Elodea?
 Patrol Squadron Four (VP-4) is a U.S. Navy land-based patrol squadron based at a Naval station formerly known as what ?
Mark Newhouse finished 9th in a 2013 series of poker tournaments sponsored by what corporation?
The 2014 Baylor Bears football games were played at the stadium whose name was changed during what month?
What years was the auto racing series held that was followed on by the 2016 Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup?
When was the football club founded in which Walter Otto Davisplayed at centre forward?
Which hospital, the Psychiatric Institute of Washington or Howard University Hospital, is known for serving the African American community including former slaves?
Are Black and New Found Glory from the same country?
What three time Tony nominee composed "Ghost Quartet"?
What television thriller anthology did the winner of one Golden Globe, two tony Awards and six Primetime Emmy Awards appear on?
What is the name of the hotel on the Upper West Side of New York City that housed a gay bathhouse?
Who wrote the jukebox musical depicting the recording session between the "King of Rock and Roll" and 3 other famous musicians?
What year was the bank famously opposed by Brendan Bracken for co-operation with Adolf Hitler originally established?
Which battle, that resulted in the death of Selyf Sarffgadau and Cadwal Crysban, did the Synod of Chester contribute to starting?
Which Indian film playback singer as well a devotional singer contributed to the film "Baabul" (2006) and Sukshinder Shinda's album "Collaborations 3?"
Which Comcast-owned film studio produced the movie Radio Patrol?
What county is Keene High School located in?
License to Drive featured what future president of the Screen Actors Guild?
Robert Earl Holding owned an oil company that was originally founded by who?
What song was created by the group consisting of Jeffrey Jey, Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte and released on 15 January 1999?
What is the population according to the 2007 population census of the city in which the National Archives and Library of Ethiopia is located?
What was the former name of the stadium where the OFC U-20 Championship was played in 1986?
The 1989 Batman film was produced by Jon Peters and a man that is the CEO of what company?
Horse the blind is known for nintendocore which emerged from hardcore punk and what genre?
Which has the larger population, Shanghai or Hanggin Rear Banner?
Christopher de Haro provided the financial backing to what Portuguese explorer who organised the Spanish expedition to the East Indies from 1519 to 1522? 
In what city did the 1959 William & Mary Indians football team lose against the #13 Naval Academy?
The Amsterdam Tournament 2009 was contested by what club that plays their home games at the Wanda Metropolitano?
Which tennis player is South African, Mariaan de Swardt or Kateryna Bondarenko?
Who has been a member of more music bands, Ian MacKaye or Brody Dalle?
 Who was the founder of a chain of supermarkets that is now headquartered on Nott Street in Schenectady?
Are Dutch Smoushond and Sussex Spaniel's both dog breeds?
Mount Gunnison was named in honor of an explorer born in what year?
What is the name of the multi-use sports and recreation facility that currently houses professional football club Dynamo Kyiv?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Andover USD 385 is located?
What country of origin does Robert brothers and Jacques Charles have in common?
In 2010, what was the population for a state which is known for Annalee Dolls?
Peter Marc Jacobson is best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom "The Nanny", which he created and wrote with his then wife an actress born in which year ?
Which was published first Timothy McSweeney's Quarterly Concern or Scrye?
Who produced the film that was Jennifer Kent's directorial debut?
Is James Bourne a band member of both McBusted and The Auteurs?
Carlos Alberto Hurtado played on loan from a mexican team which plays where?
What American filmmaker was the co-founder of Troma Entertainment film studio, Stanley Lloyd Kaufman, Jr. or Jay T. Wright?
 Charice is the first international studio album of a singer who rose to popularity through what?
Wangaratta Wahine, an album featuring the work of an Australian Living Treasure, was recorded by what band?
What type of writing did both Richard Harding Davis and Harry Stephen Keeler write?
What Swiss football forward currently plays for the Swiss football club founded in 1905?
What is the name of the record label owned by one of the three artists responsible for creating the 1993 album Honky Tonk Angels?
In which county is this site located where Operation Buster–Jangle was conducted?
In what state is the manufacturer of Bisquick headquartered?
Which is a French documentary, The Seine Meets Paris and Great Old Amusement Parks?
Which artist was Italian, Sergio Leone or Jon Paul Puno?
What was the proper name of the husband of Lollia Paullina?
The song "Chim Chim Cher-ee" can be heard  in the "Mary Poppins" scene of a Disney ride that debuted in what year?
How many pornographic films did the actress, who co-hosted the 29th AVN Awards with Dave Attell and Sunny Leone, appear in ?
The 1984 film "Marlene" is a documentary about an actress born in what year?
Are Rob Parissi and Robert Pollard both musicians
What Lord of the Rings actor starred alongside Paul Hogan in Flipper?
What 1986 drama directed by Lee Doo-yong starred Lee Mi-sook?
Larry Mosley and his cousin Shane Mosley both box in which division?
In which role did Caroline Carver played in a 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie?
Which major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of Indooroopilly in the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia  is served by TransLink bus routes?
On which continent did Pia Miller make her appearance, in the teen magazine, Dolly?
What country is the singer from, who duets with Dave Hemingway on the song "A Little Time"?
What city that Lettuce Lake Park is just outside of is the largest in Hillsborough County, Florida? 
When was the British author who wrote the novel on which "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" was based born? 
Which town near the county border with North Yorkshire was this Lancashire mill (closed in 1979 and demolished) located?
What horror movie set in 1972 Vietnam was filmed in part in Bokor Hill Station?
Who was born first,  Morgan Llywelyn or Robert Jordan?
Liam McEwan works with what UK monthly men's lifestyle magazine?
Are both Days of the New and TV on the Radio from New York?
Lost Someone was written by James Brown and an American R&B/soul singer who began his career in 1952 as a member of what gospel group?
What is the title of the 1979 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play in which the English poet, actor, political activist and dramatist who wrote wrote a number of book-length polemical poems such as "Autogeddon", "Falling for a Dolphin" and "Whale Nation" played a main character?
Do Xinghua, Jiangsu and Jingdezhen both border the same town to the north?
In which county is the English king Harold Godwinson buried?
Which is a choreographer, Yuen Woo-ping or Basil Dean?
What is this subfamily within the cat family Felidae named by Reginald Innes Pocock that is descendant of Pseudaelurus?
What party was the man who largely repealed the Black Act a member of?
What type of publication does St. Anthony Messenger and Revolver have in common?
What screenwriter with credits for "Evolution" co-wrote a film starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni?
What was the company that was co-owned by the person who Abbe error was named after?
Abba Kovner  was a Jewish Hebrew and Yiddish poet, writer and cousin of the youngest and longest surviving signatory of what?
What is the original name of the place where The 1st Minnesota Light Artillery Battery mustered?
Which band was formed first, Circus Diablo or Magic Dirt?
Who created the 2003 remake of the 1983 overhead view, vehicular combat game developed by Bally Midway?
Southrey is a village in the civil parish of which village in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England?
"Lost!" is a song by a British rock band formed in what year?
What man, born in 1963, was instrumental in bringing the Boston Red Sox to the stadium City of Palms Park in Fort Myers, Florida?
What lieutenant general stayed in the Elliott-Donaldson House?
Sinimole Paulose's favorite events are the 800 metres and another event that has been a contest at the Summer Olympics begining in what year?
The 2008 Football League Championship play-off Final was won by Hull City after a 38th minute goal from a striker who currently plays for who?
Did both Anthony Burgess and Tennessee Williams use pen names?
Michael Standing was long term friends with which professional midfielder from West Brom?
What was the home city of the author of the famous novel tracing the life of a male roe deer from his birth onward?
Paul Keenan composes works from Anglo-Saxon texts such as the codex donated to the library of Exeter Cathedral by whom?
The Experts stars what actor known for "Saturday Night Fever" and "Grease"?
In between Burton C. Bell and Billy Idol who is known professionally as Billy Idol?
The team that would become the Little Giants was located in the county seat of which Ohio county?
What year was a film made that starred Michael Bean and was directed by Terry Gilliam?
What athletic conference did the conference that the Colgate Raiders women's ice hockey team play in used to be affiliated with?
What is the nickname of the WWII battleship at the Fall River Heritage State Park?
Which of the following was founded in 2003: University of Arizona or Presbyterian University College?
What is the birthdate of this American comedian, actress, and writer, who was a supporting cast remember in Brooklyn Nine-Nine as Gina?
In which song was written by singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and shares the optimistic lyrical message to a song called "Yodel It!"?
Which constituent college of the University of Oxford endows four professorial fellowships for sciences including chemistry and pure mathematics?
Yakuza Kiwami is a remake of the first video game in what video game series that is an open world action-adventure beat 'em up video game franchise?
Roger Stuart Woolhouse is a biographer of a philosopher commonly known as what ?
"Heropanti" star Kriti Sanon appears in the remix video for a song from what Bollywood film?
"The Chance of a Lunchtime" is an episode of a BBC sitcom writtem by who?
Who is older, Gabe Saporta or John S. Hall?
What movie did John Gavin Malkovich play in with Matt Damon and Edward Norton?
A Car-Tune Portrait was released on June 26, 1937, the cartoon gives an imaginative take on which second in a set of works by composer Franz Liszt?
Dorian Gray is the main character of what philosophical novel whose editor feared the story was indecent, and deleted roughly five hundred words before publication?
Australian Associated Press was established by a journalist born in which year ?
When was the king that started coin production in Copenhagen born?
Erik Marcisak was named one of Top Ten "Comedy Best Bets" by a brand with special focus on what ?
Which show that premiered in May 2011 is hosted by someone with the birth name Richard Kirschner?
The author of the young adult novel Running Before Wind was the first woman to write the screenplay for which Disney animated feature?
Dichroa and Lathyrus, both native to Europe?
What is the birthday of the author of "She Walks These Hills"?
The American comedy film Krystal stars which actor who appeared in numerous films such as "Contact", "Armageddon", "The Perfect Storm", "Crash", "Blades of Glory", "Black Hawk Down", "Nine Lives", etc.?
Camp Courtney was named after the Major killed in action at the battle codenamed what?
Is the Marsilea or the Brabejum the genus of more individual species of plants?
How many films were directed by the director of Wise Blood?
Between Joe Orton and Henry James, which author is the adjective "Ortonesque" used to refer to his work?
Are Ganzhou and Jimo District both located in China?
Were Triumph of the Will and The End of America both made in the same year?
Jihad: A Story of the Others is a documentary by the director who is of what descent?
One of the coaches of Southern Methodist University also played what role at the Arizona State Sun Devils?
What is the 2010 census population of the county where Wildcat Brook flows through Jackson?
Who directed the animated series which featured an American comedy writer as the voice of Lucy?
Carlos Hasselbaink is the older brother of the footballer of what nationality?
What airport is off National Route A002 and is largest airport in Greater Buenos Aires?
Who was born first, Mark Steven Johnson or Robert Thornby?
What was the 2010 population of the town where Lake George Avenue Historic District is located?
Which singer is younger, Shirley Manson or Jim Kerr?
What genre of music was played by both Tappi Tíkarrass and INXS?
Geoff LaTulippe is an American writer whose best-known work was directed by whom?
What was the population of the town as of 2000 where the historic tugboat Catawissa is located?
The player who defeated Johnny Majors for the Heisman Trophy in 1956 was born in what year?
Which building, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower or the 432 Park Avenue building, has two addresses?
Which of the music composed for Operation Amsterdam originated in the middle of the 19th century in Bohemia, now part of the Czech Republic?
Barry Murphy earned 1 cap under a footballer who was part of England's winning World Cup team in what year?
The organization that Nicolae Titulescu served two terms as president was founded on what date?
If Selfridges in London is the UK's second largest shop, which store - today owned by the State of Qatar - is the biggest?
Where was the community schools to which Franklin Community High School was part of headquartered ?
What was the founding year of the county where Weber's Store is located?
The Soul of a Butterfly is an autobiography of a professional boxer that was born in what year?
The Death Camp of Tolerance is an episode from an animated television series that was created by which two people?
Who was the head coach for the team whose fourth round draft pick in 1974 played college football at Alabama A&M?
Ivan Konrad Trajkovič qualified for which major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games, as governed by the International Olympic Committee?
Which film was released first out of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Miracle of the White Stallions?
What type of vegetation does Tabernaemontana and Crinum have in common?
Killing You is a song by a band that consists of lead vocalist Danny Worsnop, guitarists Ben Bruce and Cameron Liddell, drummer James Cassells and what bassist?
During which years was the politician, upon whom the character Allison Taylor from "24" is baded, First Lady of the United States?
Who voices the character that stars in Baseball Bugs?
Nguyễn Văn Trỗi tried to assassinate a future ambassador from which US state ?
Which of these men, Scott Treleaven and Edmund Mortimer, is credited with working in both films and photography?
The Indigenous Team of the Century's coach played over how many games at senior level?
Crucible is a geodemography computer system created by a company that has stores in how many countries?
The defending EFL Championship winner will qualify for which upcoming group stage if it wins all of its participating football tournaments?
Are Stephen Frears and Jan Švankmajer from the same country?
What was the nationality of the author of "The Sunlight on the Garden"?
This One's for the Children had lead vocals by the singer and songwriter of what nationality?
 If You Ever Get Lonely was covered by what Lyric Street Records-affiliated band?
a cabinet-making firm was found which year, from Lancaster?
A Japanese manga series based on a 16 year old high school student Ichitaka Seto, is written and illustrated by someone born in what year?
Piers Bizony has written articles for which magazine based in Bristol, UK?
Who were the stars of the 2008 South Korean movie that was later remade as Hindi movie entitled "Murder 2" in 2011?
What town host an annual media finance conference that has featured an Australian-born American media mogul?
In what county was Duffy Jackson born?
The VMAQT-1 logo is a female spirit in Irish mythology who heralds the death of what?
Are both Arizona v. United States and Reynolds v. United States Supreme Court cases?
Are both the Wire Fox Terrier and West Siberian Laika dog breeds?
How many records did the boy band who released "Said and Done" sell worldwide as of 2013?
Is Rice University or Stanford University further west?
When was the seven-time World and Olympic medalist on which "Foxcatcher" was based born? 
What is the fourth most populous urban area in the Republic of Ireland and has the housing estate Corrib Park?
Which dog originated in Galicia, the Bullenbeisser or Can de Palleiro?
The mulga apple is is often eaten by people who genetic research has inferred a date of habitation as early as when?
In what year did the man who shot the Chris Stockley, of The Dingoes, die?
For which NBA team did the MVP of the 2013 McDonald's All-American Boys Game play?
What German computer repair technician may have inspired Diary of a Cannibal
In what state is the university where Boria Sax is a lecturer and teacher located?
Belle Gold is a fictional character portrayed by an actress of what nationality?
After Russell D. Moore served at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary he became the President of The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission (ERLC) in what year?
In which year did Baek Bong-ki appear in the South Korean drama film set in a high school?
Are both bands, Digital Summer and Underoath, from the same US state ?
In what year was the university where Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev was a professor founded?
Which author has won more Pulitzer Prizes, Thomas Friedman or Henri Bergson?
One of Fingerprint File's key ingredients is the highly jazz/funk-oriented bass guitar played by a musician born in which year ?
Are Tantrix and Personal Preference both types of games?
The debut album came out in 1988 but what year did the song "She's My Baby" come out in?
Are both Stephen R. Donaldson and Michael Moorcock science fiction writers?
Do James Schuyler and A. E. Housman have the same nationality?
Who directed the 1941 film based on the novel of the same name by Zane Grey starring an actor who was also an artist and stuntman?
Which star on the Mexican telenovela "Amy, la niña de la mochila azul" is also a singer, model, fashion designer, and recording artist?
Are Wolfgang Becker and Paul Andrew Williams both film directors?
Which is published in France, Avantages or InStyle?
Where was the think tank founded by a neoconservative political analyst born in 1952 established?
Tryon D. Lewis is a lawyer from Odessa, Texas which is located in what county?
Bill Nelson flew as a Payload Specialist on a Space Shuttle launched for the first time in what year?
Whose real-life story was the inspiration of the film which included the song "We All Die Young"?
Are Jerome Storm and Andrés Wood from the same country?
The Sophia Amalia was named after the wife of a king that ruled which two countries in 1648?
The nightclub Playboy Club was located at this hotel and casino located near the Las Vegas Strip that has how many rooms?
How large of the area is the nature reserve south of Seacroft Esplanade?
The actress who made her film debut in Friday Night Lights also starred in a 2014 French-American crime-thriller directed by whi?
Are both John Corabi and David Byrne musicians?
Are the Laleli Mosque and Esma Sultan Mansion located in the same neighborhood?
Do tennis players Kathy Jordan and Sergi Bruguera have the same nationality?
Where was the Barbadian singer which Rihanna was his then girlfriend raised in 
Anthony Avent played basketball fo a High School that is located in a city approcimately 8 mi west of where?
When was the New Orleans Pelicans player featured on the NBA 2K16 cover first drafted?
Which major international airport in south-east England ranks as the 8th busiest airport in Europe and replaced Croydon Airport?
Who was known for playing a fictionalized version of the wild politician who was the face of communist scare tact's in the early 1950's?
Shadi Attieh is often referred to as the Lebanese version of a footballer who plays for what Major League Soccer team?
What year did Lindsey Broad star in the movie with Russell Brand and Jonah Hill?
Who starred as a divorced mother in an American sitcom produced by Danny Bonaduce's father?
Multiple award-winning actor Gary Sinise appeared in The Stand in 1994 - a miniseries based on a novel and screenplay by which noted author?
Psycho-physical Awareness was developed into an original and dependable method by a Russian-American actor who was referred to by Konstantin Stanislavski as what?
The Fort Worth Zoo was rated as one of the top zoos by a magazine published where? 
Who won more Grand Slam Titles, Liezel Huber or Billie Jean King?
Montgomery Ward Building is in the shopping and dining mall that was conceived in what year?
What type of profession does Jonah Meyerson and Alison Pill have in common?
Which of the following is known for his work "Good Bye Lenin!" in 2003: Vladimir Danilevich or Wolfgang Becker?
Jeff Bhasker won a Grammy Award for a song that was the fourth single from what studio album?
Which conference is the team for which Justin Bannan played college football currently a member of?
M.F.A. starred the actress known for starring in what E! reality series?
What was the birthdate of the actor who starred in the movie Voodoo?
Who wrote the play performed by 1948 TV actor Nicholas Amer, were he played Ferdinand?
Who wrote shorter stories, Raymond Carver or Lydia Davis?
What years did Jose Gonzalo Rodriguez Gacha and other leaders of fthe Medallin Cartel operate in Boliva, Colombia, Central America, Peru, the United States, Canada, and Europe?
Who created the NBC sitcom that Johnny Pemberton appears in as the character Bo Thompson?
Daddy was an American Pit Bull who was integral to the work of what Mexican-American dog behaviorist with over 25 years of canine experience?
What side-scrolling platform game had Christian Whitehead as project lead?
Which play is set in one act, Bluebeard's Castle or Agrippina?
The College of Arts and Sciences of Ohio University is located on the university's central quadrangle lawn, which sits aligned to the cardinal directions, with what building facing true north?
When was the American writer of the a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels born?
What is the name of the Australian specialist electronic music magazine that features avant-rock, experimental sound art, and experimental hip hop?
Who owns the hotel where the 13th Anniversary Show took place?
In what year was the narrator of "Blackadder's Christmas Carol" born?
In which county is the university, at which Roger Groot was the Class of 1975 Alumni Professor of Law, located?
"Angry Dad: The Movie" is the fourteenth episode of a simpson's season that began airing on which date ?
which American political consultant was a former Trump campaign 
Which games, Strange Synergy or Qwirkle,  is a card game published by Steve Jackson Games?
2006 KNVB Cup Final had two goals scored by a player of what nationality?
Who founded a brand of tyres that promotes the Great and British Motorsport Festival?
Knockout song was from which album of Lil Wayne on Cash Money Records ?
When Copsi was made earl of Northumbria he went back to reside in a town at the confluence of which two rivers?
Which British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber was used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II?
What movie genre does both "The Trials of Life" and "Human" belong to?
What number president was Annie Caputo nominated by to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission?
Wendy Ayche was featured in 2016 in an annual production created by Youtube and what other organization?
Are Daryl Hall and Gerry Marsden both musicians?
The location of the area where Fort Nisqually stood is in what Washington county?
What sport is played by both Justin Gimelstob and Angelique Kerber?
Home was an animation film that included which Rihanna song that premiered on February 24, 2015?
Which actor/actress from Overnight Delivery was born in New Orleans?
Lucy Pevensie is a character in the series of fantasy novels that have sold more than how many copies?
Of the two genuses Gaillardia and Browningia which one is a genus of cacti?
Who founded the company that sponsors the CFL game of the week? 
Which lead actor/actress in War Chhod Na Yaar has also acted in Bengali and English-language films?
Oxley Highway ends at a coastal town that had how many inhabitants in June 2016 ?
Which lake is located further south, Dal Lake or Waterton Lake?
When was the English rock band formed that's first recording remained unreleased for three years?
Football at the 2006 Asian Games with Wisoon Wichaya as its coach was played how many days prior to the opening ceromony in Doha, Qatar in 2006? 
The Welsh professional footballer Dan Hanford has association with which club that is based in Clitheroe, Lancashire?
Who owns an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool, Lancashire?
Where is the author of Killing Pablo: The Hunt for the World's Greatest Outlaw (2001) born?
José Rubia Barcia  published a great number of books and articles on a Spanish poet, playwright, and what?
What Happens in Vegas, an American comedy film starring Lake Bell, was released in what year?
What type of community does Bob Hope Airport and Boeing Field have in common?
Both Alexander Hall and Pierre Morel are involved in which profession?
What was the nationality of the composer of Chaconne in F minor?
 What is the latest album of Tim Hecker, the Canadian electronic music maker?
What country is the Selun located in?
Castle Hill is a plantation near what primary residence of Thomas Jefferson?
At what intersection was the former home of the wooden roller coaster now located at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois located?
What National Park contains the Thornton River and the Blue Ridge Mountains?
What is the name of the physician who studied the cause of the 1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak in London, England?
How many rooms are in the building built in 1883 at Garden City in Nassau County, New York?
When was the duo formed who's English language song is the "Freaky Like Me"?
Are Water dropwort and Costus both in the family Apiaceae?
Were Logan Leistikow and Guru Dutt alive at the same time?
Jennifer Gordon received a bachelor of arts degree from which women's liberal arts college in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and functioned as a female coordinate institution for the all-male Harvard College?
When was the Chinese American electronic musician and singer who collaborated on the album I Remember born?
Electronic Attack Squadron 138 is a type of which American carrier-based electronic warfare aircraft, a specialized version of the two-seat F/A-18F Super Hornet?
How many people were in the group which preceded the release of Eric Clapton's 1975 album E.C. Was Here? 
What Cason, CA soccer team features the son of Roy Lassiter?
What Future Publishing founder co-hosted the annual TED Conference with June Cohen?
Toni Braxton: Revealed was performed at a hotel and casino owned and operated by who?
Which writer won the Nobel Prize, William H. Gass or Naguib Mahfouz?
Are Parents and Madame Figaro published in the same country?
Who was born first, Erika Jayne or Marco Da Silva
Which southern Georgia city features the Blazers college athletic teams?
Grafton and Carroll counties as well as the Pratt Family Camps border what lake in New Hampshire?
What 1991 Disney film is also a 1946 French romantic fantasy film directed by French poet and filmmaker Jean Cocteau?
Who directed the film that Mads Mikkelsen won the award for Best Actor for his performance in at the 58th Bodil Awards?
Which physicist known for his work on parity violation has a son who became an American chemist teaching at Cornell University?
For which band, was the female member of Fitz and The Tantrums, the front woman for ten years ?
Hugh Milburn Stone stared ina tv series created by what writer?
Which board game was published most recently, Pirate's Cove or Catan?
Vincent Drucci was a member of a rival gang to the mob boss who was known by what nickname?
Who constructed Auburn the Antebellum mansion and was accused of the Manhattan Well Murder?
What sport does Simon Aspelin and Thomaz Koch have in common?
Which system of parliament was modeled after the United Kingdom and is also used in Canada? 
Luther: The Calling is based on the BBC crime drama comprising six episodes that were run in which year?
Which animated film was released first, The Country Bears or The Wild?
Stabat Mater was written by a composer of what nationality?
Do Tropical Fish Hobbyist and Curve cover the same topic?
Are Steve Perry and Leslie West both singers?
Scott Sandelin grew up in a town in what Minnesota county?
Boggle is a word game originally distributed by a toy and game manufacturer that published more than how many games?
Near the banks of what river is the city in Romania with a partner Aspen Institute located?
The Good Design movement is associated with what Danish furniture designer whose style is often described as Organic Functionality?
Ethel Winter worked with which avant-garde theater director?
The name od the Jason Hook album "Safety Dunce" is a play on the words of a song released in what year? 
Were Goo Goo Dolls and Echosmith formed in the same city?
One of the directors of Mediastan is well-known for founding what organisation in 2006?
Which case came first, Craig v. Boren or United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.?
Which airport served more people in 2015 Asheville Regional Airport or Orlando International Airport ?
What year did a Russian soprano opera singer born in October 1926 leave Russia with her cellist husband and daughter?
Which mountain is taller, Gasherbrum II or Langtang Ri?
What tower house near Aberchirder, Aberdeenshire did David Gregory inherit?
The author of "The New American Story " served three terms as a US Senator from what state?
What actor portrayed that characters "Kick-Ass" and "Count Vronsky"?
What Danish eurodance group had a single called "Barbie Girl" which resulted in a lawsuit in 2002?
Carrie Coon plays Margo Dunne in a 2014 film set in what state?
The Six Arms Saga was written by the former editor-in-chief of what company?
John Robert Marks III, the former Mayor of Tallahassee, Florida was succeeded by an American politician who ecame the youngest person ever elected to what?
Shannon Purser played the role of June Acosta in a 2017 horror film directed by who?
Which song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 that featured guest vocals fron Allessia Cara And Khalid?
The 37th Disney animated feature film Tarzan features You'll be in my heart by which artist?
Joan Baez's hit recording from Quad Studios Nashville originally featured lead vocals from what member of The Band?
Roxie Hart starred the entertainer and comedic actor who had what nickname?
Did Holland's Magazine and Moondance both begin in 1996?
Were both magazines Diva and Cleo founded in the same country?
During the period known as the Second Red Scare Alexander Trachtenberg was convicted under which Act?
 "Quando m'en vo' " is a soprano from an Opera composed by who ?
Who is the English Professional Footballer that is the niece of a former footballer born in the same place as where he plays? 
When was the producer of the film Betrayal born?
Former race car driver Jeff Wood made his CART debut at which 1983 Nissan/Datsun-sponsored race?
What is the 2010 population of the village at which Smith Haven Mall was located? 
The Greatest Event in Television History aired on the channel that was founded by whom?
The Prodigal Daughter, though a book about an American, is by a novelist of what nationality?
What is the name of the actress who played as Blair Cramer from the daytime drama series "One Life to Live" for 20 years who is also currently playing as Eve Donovan on "Days of Our Lives"?
Which historical drama filmed in the Winter Palace of the Russian State Hermitage Museum stars Sergey Dreyden?
Which of the actors starred in "Sollathaan Ninaikkiren" was born in 7 November 1954?
In which year did this division, where Cleveland Browns placed fourth in 2009, adopt its current name?
The star of "Under the Silver Lake" made his debut in what film?
Who stars in the title role of a Netflix show co-created by Robert Carlock?
In which province is the city located that is the birthplace of Ed Wubbe?
What age was Georgia Middleman when she started singing in the seventh-most populated city in the United States?
For One Night Only was hosted by the man most well-known for hosting what show from 1962 until 1999?
"Text Me Merry Christmas" is a song performed by Kristen Bell and a group that originated at what univeristy?
The character Jack from While You Were Sleeping was born in what year?
The Curaçao Centre for Correction and Detention changed its name to Sentro di Detenshon i Korekshon Kòrsou at this event which saw the dissolution of a Caribbean country on what date?
What was the lead single from Boys Like Girls album on which frontman, Martin Johnson co-wrote a song with Taylor Swift? A: Love Drunk
Did the band Daniel Amos experiment with the same genre of music performed by Digital Summer?
Which as more species Cassiope or Deutzia?
The mass killing that took place at Oakland, California on April 2, 2012 was less deadly than the one that took place on October 1, 2015 in which state?
What was the address of the penitentiary where Jimmy Elliot was sentenced?
What American professional Hawaiian surfer born 18 October 1992 won the Rip Curl Pro Portugal?
What magazine was started in 1925 and features the work of Barry Werth?
Marwan Hage played for a college team that sponsors how many varsity sports teams?
Who narrates the documentary television series that features the largest airline in the United Kingdom based on fleet size? 
WonderWorks made an adaptation of what novel created by Frances Hogson Burnett?
Q: What 1965-born field director directed the 2002 Indian comedy horror film "Makdee" ("Spider", in English)?
The Rainmaker starred the actor who has been nominated for how many British Academy Film Awards?
What is the birthdate of this Uruguayan former footballer, who management team consists of Charlie Oatway?
Are Benjamin Britten and Béla Bartók from the same country?
Where is the academy, for which Joseph D. Stewart was appointed Superintendent, located?
What profession does Spice Girls discography and Emma Bunton have in common?
When was one of the science fiction survival horror video game released for who's title Frictional Games AB was famous for?
What is the birthdate of this Norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and who broke the record for the youngest player that has ever played in the Norwegian top league?
Which Walt Disney film was produced first, The Apple Dumpling Gang or Something Wicked This Way Comes?
The lead vocalist of the group "Tenacious D" plays a supporting role along with Dennis Leary and Will Patton in a film that received what award at the 1999 Venice Film Festival?
Horace Brindley played for what professional association football club that is based in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, England?
The vynil collectible Vinylmation are all shaped with the body of a cartoon character created by who ?
Which genus of flowering plants has the most species, Caesalpinia or Achimenes?
Which dog breed has more derivative breeds from the original, German Spitz or Norfolk Spaniel?
Which director won an Academy Award for best director for his work on the film, "Midnight Cowboy?"
Where did the designer of the Van de Graaff generator teach at?
Black Journal is based on the real life events of what serial killer that  murdered three women in Correggio?
Which opera has more acts, Louise or Le roi malgré lui?
Are both Dafeng District and Dazhou located in the same province?
The saint in "A Time for Miracles" was born on what date?
What was the event where Jacob Minah had his personal best also known as?
What was the manager for the 1891 Cincinnati Kelly's Killers also commonly known as?
In which year NGC 166 is located by an american astronomer who also discovered Frank Muller and Ormond Stone
When was the band who composited "Discipline" formed?
Seal Harris was born in what county?
In what year was the actress who was starred in "Streak" with Rumer Willis born?
What concert hall is located on the northern edge or South Kensington, London, and had songs chosen from a number of concerts there?
Which software application was originally made for the company that acquired RadioShack in 1963?
Who was the wife of the United States Army lieutenant general who received the Distinguished Service Cross, and was the first of his West Point class to be promoted to brigadier general, major general, and lieutenant general
What Actor whose birth name was Charles Dennis Buchinsky, was part of the Leslie Nielsen comedy?
What American horror film directed by Sidney J. Furie was based off an alleged haunting which occurred in 1974 at Culver City, California?
Which Beatles movie did the John's Children's  studio album Orgasm dub audience screams from?
Which poet is famous for "A Shropshire Lad" and is depicted in the play "The Invention of Love"?
Which university is further North,  University of New Hampshire or Stony Brook University?
My Neighbor Totoro was produced by a Japanese animation film studio founded in what year?
Which English actor starred in the 1995 american romantic drama film The Scarlet Letter alongside Demi Moore and Robert Duvall?
The Woodvale Historic District was built buy a company headquartered where?
The county that the community of Milltown, Montana is part of was founded in which year?
Out of two American colonies that had a series of skirmishes and raids between 1701 and 1765 at the disputed border, which British proprietary colony became a royal colony on the northeast coast of North America?
What is the top speed of the faster roller coaster, between The Riddler's Revenge and Green Lantern ?
The father of Manning Marius Kimmel retired from the Navy in what year?
The Lance Todd Trophy is presented at a stadium located in what country?
James Spedding was chiefly known as the editor of the works of an author who served both as Attorney General and as what?
Which film was Shannyn Sossamon in that was directed by Michael Lehmann?
In what year was the football club for which Reuven Niemeijer plays founded?
What disease is the Wolf Prize winner and Vadim  Bereinskii-inspired Nobel laureate suffering from?
Charlotte Hatherley initially came to prominence in a band formed in what year?
Where does the Husband character reside in the book published in 1847 under the pseudonym "Ellis Bell"?
Did the Sandy and Beaver Canal remain operational until a later date than the Los Angeles Aqueduct?
Were Cinderella and The Emperor's New Groove released by the same picture company?
Ai-Ling Lee is a Singaporean sound editor who worked on a  biographical survival drama film directed by who?
What is the nationality of the scientist who invented in Tribometer?
Do Ray Wilson and Leo have the same nationality ?
Andrea Camplone is a football coach in which 22-team competition?
What is the English translation of the tier four league that TSV Schilksee was promoted to in 2014, following a league championship in the Schleswig-Holstein-Liga?
Which American singer and songwriter has a mezzo-soprano vocal range, Tim Armstrong or Tori Amos?
Turner Field was originally built as what 85,000 seat main stadium of the 1996 Summer Olympic Games and the 1996 Summer Paralympic Games in Atlanta?
What American indie rock group first had Jesse Sandoval as the drummer and now has Jon Sortland on drums?
W. Tresper Clarke High School is in what county?
Salisbury Woodland Gardens links a zoo with a park designed and built under the watchful eye of who?
Which American singer and songwriter born in 1983 formed the band Pistol Annies with Ashley Monroe and a third band member?
How long is the road the A12 is a part of?
When was the town Emma Gramatica given its current name?
Nicole Gordon won a silver medal with Sara Petersen int he women's doubles at a competition held in what city?
What award was won by the director who directed the eighth musical by the team of Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II?
What publisher published Anthony Doerr's Pulitzer Prize fiction novel?
According to the 2001 census, what was the population of the city in which Kirton End is located?
Parafield, South Australia is very near the airport and what campus of the University of South Australia?
Which rapper released the album Big Fish Theory featuring a number of styles of music including Detroit techno?
Operation Cold Comfort was a failed raid by a special forces unit founded in what year?
What was the code name of the campaign where Joe Foss received a Medal of Honor?
Are both Microcachrys and Protea endemic to the same continent ?
William Bromley-Davenport held political office under the Prime Minister who was of which party?
Electoral district of Bragg currently includes which suburb in the city of Burnside, Adelaide?
Jamell Anderson plays for the basketball team from what city?
hree Men on a Horse is a play by a playwright born in which year ?
The memorial commemorating a 1941 Japanese surprise attack was designed by whom?
The composer for the music in the film "A Clockwork Orange" was born in which state?
Let Mother Earth Speak's Native American activist was born where?
Are K. Subash and Jason Bateman from the same country?
Which team does the player named 2015 Diamond Head Classic's MVP play for?
In which year was the author born that wrote about  the former succubus Jezebel, now the mortal Jesse Harris, as she tries to avoid her Hellish past and learn how to be truly human?
Who did the actor who played a bellhop in Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round play in Star Wars?
The constituency which is represented by the 2015 elected Minister for Universities and Science is represented in what wing of the UK parliament?
How to Irritate People was a broadcast written by an English actor who got his start on what television program?
Which river flows next to the German town where the music project "I Drink My Coffee Alone" by Alex Gazin originates from?
This art gallery is a museum was founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist who briefly sat as a Liberal MP for Wirral and later, as Lord Leverhulme, in the House of Lords as a what?
Which show which aired on NBC from September 22, 1994, to May 6, 2004, has the fifteenth episode entitled, "The One with the Girl Who Hits Joey"?
Do the genuses Catopsis and Crataegus belong to the same family? 
What is the birth name of the woman that "A Woman Called Moses" is based on?
When was the American economist to which Joseph A. Loftus worked as a communications assistant born? 
John Constantine Williams, Sr was cofounder of a Florida city located in what county?
What park is just south of the location where the New York Jets played prior to moving to Shea Stadium? 
Dorothy Sarnoff's personal client list included what AMerican novelist, who has sold over 800 million copies of her books?
Who directed the movie for which Jason O'Bryan was nominated for a grammy for best soundtrack?
In which year was the University where Joost Alois Businger is an emeritus professor established ?
According to the 2011 census what is the population of the city where Royal Wahingdoh F.C. are based ?
Are Asimov's Science Fiction and The Christian Science Sentinel both magazines?
What is the capitol of the district that also includes the village of Shienga?
Were Guillermo Cabrera Infante and Guillaume Apollinaire of the same nationality?
What city is the most populous city in Australia and Oceania and the birthplace of a silver and bronze medalist from the 1992 Barcelona Paralympics?
What school did the team, whose only sophomore starter went on to play eleven seasons with the Atlanta Falcons, represent in the 1963 college football season?
Lear's and Oh Comely are both what?
In what year was the drummer from the album "Angel of Retribution" born?
Are Jon Krakauer and M. P. Shiel both writers?
Skyplex has which roller coaster that will become the tallest in the world when it opens in 2020?
Are the films Gasland from 2010 and Pumping Iron from 1977 both documentaries?
Angelspit toured the United States with an American electronic music duo from Orlando, Florida, that formed in what year?
When was the composer of "Persian Surgery Dervishes" born?
The scunthorpe telegraph and the Grimsby Telegraph used to service Scunthorpe which is in what country?
Loughborough Students' Union serves the students at what public research university that has been a university since 1966, but the institution dates back to 1909?
Which of the following magazines covers cultural events in Greater Boston: The Arts Fuse or Visionaire?
What company produced the 1978 movie based on a book written by a radio playwright and children's book author born in 1900?
Dead but Rising was a song by the Danish band fomed in what city in 2001?
How many major novels did the author write, whose 1811 book was adapted for a 2008 film with a screenplay by Andrew Davies ?
Are Fabián Bielinsky and Nelson Pereira dos Santos both directors?
Ganjam district is located in an indian state located in which part of India ?
What Lithuanian producer is best known for a song that was one of the most popular songs in Ibiza in 2014?
What is the birthday of the man who played Lex Luthor in Superman IV: The Quest for Peace?
 Arena Essex Raceway is built alongside an out-of-town shopping centre constructed on the site of a former what?
In what year was the company founded whose Manhattan branch was the site for the recording of the live album, Park Avenue South, by Dave Brubeck and his quartet? 
Which Istanbul mosque is unique for retaining a Baroque style of architecture, the Bayezid II Mosque or the Nusretiye Mosque?
Do the documentaries Hot Girls Wanted and The Truth According to Wikipedia have the same director?
When was the pianist who recorded Live at Shelly's Manne-Hole born?
What is the name of the role that Cleo Demetriou played in the series So Awkward ? 
Which actor, who also appeared in "The Usual Suspects" (1995), does the 2017 action crime comedy Baby Driver star?
Peter and the Wolf was originally released as a segment of an animated anthology released to theaters on which day ?
2014 S/S is the debut album of a South Korean boy group that was formed by who?
What is the owner of Straight Blast Gym Ireland's birthday?
An english lawyer had Christopher Mont as an agent and was awarded denization where?
Who was the biological father of the emperor who built the Nemi Ships?
The project that Jeder Rappen zählt is inspired by began in what year?
Follow the Yellow Brick Road Tour is taking place to commemorate the album that was recorded where?
What team was led to victory in 1939 by a two-time All-American basketball player nicknamed "Scat"?
Were Dee Dee Ramone and Ben Weasel ever in the same band?
What child starred in a Chicago production of Alice Walker's 1982 novel?
Which peak is flanked by Manaslu, Shispare or Ngadi Chuli?
Are Nathalie Sarraute and Anchee Min both writers?
Which came out first, Dinosaur or McFarland, USA
What year did the sequel to a story that is told through a combination of narrative and vernacular photographs from the personal archives of collectors by Ransom Riggs come out?
Who was the defense counsel of a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death?
literary magazine Okyeame was inspired by this first prime Minister of Ghana whom led Ghana to independence from what country?
What relative of Charles Hirshberg made important contributions to the study of solar wind particles and fields, as well as sun-Earth relations; and magnetospheric physics?
Anna Camp had a recurring role in the Fox series created by whom?
A 2013 Smurfs moving is based on what short story that was originally published in 1820?
Do the bands named Phoenix and Shearwater specialize in the exact same genre?
Could you read both Bicycling and National Review
What year did the director of The Quiet American die?
Which New South Wales town is larger, Port Macquarie or Bonny Hills?
What is the first name of the mother of the artist who interpreted Karla  Bonoff's Tell Me Why ?
In what Italian region was the House of Grimaldi?
Anna Aglatova made her first public appearance at which Moscow theatre in 2005?
Who directed the film based on the rock opera 5:15 appeared in?
What is the current occupation of the footballer replaced by Zdenek Zeman at the beginning of the 2012-13 A. S. Roma season?  
Thunderbirds was a film featuring the exploits of what part of the Oklahoma Army National Guard?
Who was an American cartoonist and publisher who had Fred Carter working for him?
The composer of the album "Nightbook" received his training at what school?
Brown State Fishing Lake is in a country that has a population of how many inhabitants ?
What is the middle name of the singer who recorded Would You Like to Take a Walk? with Louis Armstrong in 1951
Are the flowering plants Ecballium and Elatostema in the same family?
Kristine Moore Gebbie is a professor at a university founded in what year?
Who had the best singles ranking, Roberta Vinci or Jorge Lozano?
Are Anja Salomonowitz and Rod Lurie both directors?
 The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for for a song that is released separately from what?
Angry Dad: The Movie  was first introduced in what episode of "The Simpsons" That was the eighteenth episode of the thirteenth season
In what year did a movie that starred both Nicholas Cage and Cher come out? 
Are The Datsuns and The Black Crowes both rock bands?
James Fowle Baldwin helped design a historic railroad that operated in Massachusetts and whose line later operated as part of what?
When was the American automobile club which has 2014 Trans-Am Series as the 46th running of the Sports formed? 
In what year was the scientific journal for which Danilo Erricolo is currently Editor-in-Chief established?
Guy Pearce starred in which movie produced by Marvel Studios ?
The 1974 Texas Tech Raiders football team represented what public research university in Lubbock, Texas?
What kind of group does Josey Scott and Kurt Cobain have in common?
What date did the movement Hans Knirsch was an activist for officially gain traction?
Which California band, whose debut album Adrenaline appeared in 1995, has been referred to as "the Radiohead of metal"?
What band formed in 1995 and came out with an album called "Welcome Interstate Managers'?
Piano Concerto No. 6 in D major, Hess 15 is an unfinished piano concerto by a composer who passed away in which year ?
What basketball player elected to the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame released music through Rendezvous Music?
Christopher "Chris" Fairbank provided voice talent for which 2006 British-American computer-animated action-adventure comedy film directed by David Bowers and Sam Fell?
Which came first, Battle of Antietam or Battle of Guam?
Felicia Pearson is a rapper who appeared in the single "Here I Am" by who?
Evan Williams played for what professional football club that was originally known as St. Luke's FC?
What is the name of this Fortune 500 American company that operates a chain of retail home improvement stores that sponsored House Rules?
Progress MS-09 was used to resupply the satellite that first launched into orbit in what year?
What year did the biographical-comedy-crime film directed by Steven Soderbergh about the highest-level corporate executive whistleblower come out?
St. John of the Cross Episcopal Church has a rectory that was in a style that was a product of what earlier style?
Are Myles Kennedy and SafetySuit both associated with rock bands?
In which year did this American rapper and actor, from Cleveland, Ohio, who guest-featured in the album "Excuse My French" first release a mixtape?
Abraham Lincoln Neiman and his wife Carrie Marcus Neiman cofounded Neiman Marcus with Carrie's brother Herbert in which American city in 1907?
Criss Angel generated $150 million in tourist revenue for his live performance show in what city?
Old Bushmills Distillery was in the process of transitioning from the ownership of the company that had a headquarters in what English city?
California joined the Union due to the passage of a package of how many separate bills?
What is the name of the American author, songwriter, educator, lawyer, diplomat, civil rights activist and husband to Grace Nail Johnson who was the first African American executive secretary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)?
Which tennis player is from a country closer to Canada, Ken Flach or Lucie Šafářová?
Both Bishop Carroll Catholic High School and Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School are located in which city in Kansas?
Are Edward F. Cline and Floyd Mutrux both screenwriters?
Who was a member of "Cheney", who won 'Song of the Year' in 2009, Chris Cheney or Mikael Åkerfeldt?
When was the host of the Los Angeles talk radio program Religion on the Line born?
Were the documentaries  One Big Hapa Family and A Film Unfinished directed by the same person?
The person "Planet Earth Rock and Roll Orchestra" was the final solo album for died on what date?
Are Prológica CP-400 and Atari ST both personal computers?
What was the nationality of the person Mountbatten Institute was named after?
When was the younger brother of Ervin Randle born?
Beyond the Edge was a docudrama about the mountaineer that was part of the Everest expedition led by whom?
Are Willard Mack and Subhash Ghai both involved in film?
In what year did the brother-in-law of Ezzo, Count Palatine of Lotharingia, die?
Flower Alley was bred by the trainer who was killed at what Fayette County, Kentucky airport?
What year was the author of Cock and Bull born? 
PISCES was developed by the company that is headquartered in what city?
Which movie came out first Baseball or Tunisian Victory ?
Which game was published first, Near and Far or King of Tokyo?
The series in which Sharon Gless played Debbie Novotny was developed and written by who?
What Mexican actress of film, television, and theatre was a protagonist in La Heredera?
Jasmin Geljo is known for his role in a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film written and directed by who?
Bridgewater Trustees major source of income came from a canal that was commissioned by whom/
Who was born first, Anaïs Lameche or Darren Hayes?
Which American artist, who also illustrated works by Bill Nye and George W. Peck, illustrated an 1876 novel by Mark Twain about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River?
Live at Radio City is a live Album recorded in what City?
When will Flicker, created by a member of One Direction, be released?
To where did the war criminal who is the fictional defendant in the film After the Truth flee in real life ?
In what year was the uprising that marred John P. Buchanan's term as governor ignited?
Which of the castle along the flow of River Fiddich  is a ruined castle near Dufftown in the Moray region of Scotland?
Which genus has more species, Monstera or Cercis?
The Red Butte Creek oil spill occurre din a pipeline that was owned by what successor company to Standard Oil?
Black Book starred the actress and writer of what heritage?
When was the  Argentine former footballer which  Dutch manager Ronald Koeman replaced in  2014–15 Southampton F.C. season born
When was the Swiss author and dramatist died who's novel is "A Dangerous Game"?
What book provided the foundation for Masters and Johnson's research team?
Which is a beauty magazine, Allure or Claudia?
In Person is a 1935 film starring an actress born in what year?
What is a Southern European island country that was home to an airline pilot who flew the CASA-212-200 Aviocar before retiring in 2008 for health reasons? 
TACA Airlines, is an airline owned by a conglomerate owned by who ?
Are both the flowering plants Desfontainia and Alisma  in the family Potaliaceae?
Which magazine ran for only one year, Kilobaud Microcomputing or Humbug?
are Tinto Brass and Baltasar Kormákur both from the same country ?
What country of origin does Witness and Pamela Wallace have in common?
Which retired baseball player played Chad Bradford in a movie adaptation of a Michael Lewis book?
The 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team, led by third year head coach Shaka Smart, represented Virginia Commonwealth University which was founded in what year?
 Ruffin Horne McNeill Jr. an American football coach was named interim head coach after the suspension of a head coach that lead the team to winning seasons in every year of his what?
Are The Maine and Black both from Tempe, Arizona?
The song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine written by Florence Welch and Francis "Eg" White and released in 2011 is named after the painting which was completed in which year?
Who was attempting to regain the British throne until the Raids on Lachaber and Shiramore shut down his operations?
Which of the office buildings used to staff the White House used to be known as the State, War, and Navy Building?
What type of film are both "500 Years Later" and "Manson"?
Have James Schuyler and H. G. Wells both published books?
Where was the band who released Feeding the Wolves formed?
Immanuel Lutheran School is affiliated with the denomination that has how many members?
What German philosopher, economist and political theorist was Jakob Lukas Schabelitz a friend and associate of?
Which musician is older, Philip Labonte or Alexi Laiho?
The 2003 South Australian National Football League Grand Final saw the Central District Bulldogs defeat a football club whose home base is currently known as what?
The poem "soleil et chair" was influenced by this Roman poet and philosopher who has only one known work about the tenets and philosophy of Epicureanism?
How many episodes were made for the science fiction series with Gus Birney?
Which is a post-punk band, Boy Hits Car or The The?
Jessica Ashley has recorded her own songs and has also written songs for which singer known for her song "Leave (Get Out)"?
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days was made by the company based in what part of Tokyo?
The actress and singer Heather Morris is best known for her role in which series, becoming a regular character in the second season?
What public radio network in New York has allowed Eric Plakun to dis his psychiatric work?
Summer Holiday starred what actor who won  a BAFTA in 1954>
What Ruben Fleischer film did No One's Gonna Love You appear in?
Are both Jim McBride and Neil Jordan American?
Which singer/songwriter is the Executive Vice President of A&R at Capitol Records: Nate Albert or Rod Stewart?
When was the movie released that starred an American male actor born on February 28, 1923 and was written by Christopher Knopf?
What is the capacity of the stadium that hosts games of the team that was coached by Barry Switzer in 1981?
In what year was the fantasy and science fiction author of the short story "Recovery" born?
Which band was formed first, Goldfinger or The Fray?
Ben Stein had a part in the 1994 superhero fantasy film directed by whom?
Were both Alvin Lee and Chad Gray lead vocalists for bands?
The movie "100 Million BC" continues the urban myth of an experiment allegedly carried out at waht shipyard?
Do Czesław Miłosz and Nathalie Sarraute have the same nationality?
The La Senza brand is currently owned by a fashion retailer based in what Ohio city?
Harry Emerson Fosdick was called to serve as pastor at a church that opened its doors on what date?
This American is best known for his work on such Disney animated films as "Beauty and the Beast" and a 1996 American animated musical drama film whose plot centers on who?
Who is the creator of the animated television series that its fourteenth episode of season three's title is "Time Keeps on Slippin"?
What nationality were social anthropologists Alfred Gell and Edmund Leach?
Who wrote the 1996 American historical drama film in which William Preston appeared?
Are John le Carré and Tim Winton both novelists?
The Runge-Kutta methods were developed by M.W. Kutta and a German mathematician, physicist, and Spectroscopist that was born in what year?
Where did the opera in which Iva Pacetti starred as Elena first premier?
What is the chemical formula of the organic material that clementines have less of than oranges?
What was position of the man who served Prince Andrew from 1990-2001? 
What role is played by John Travolta in the film that greatly influenced the two dances, the disco fox and the hustle?
What film, based on the book “Boston Strong”, featured the actress Alex McKenna?
Where is the investment firm that acquired TI Automotive in 2015 headquartered?
What airport serviced by American Airlines Shuttle, is also the largest airport in the New England region and 17th busiest in the U.S?
Are Macheng and Lianjiang, Guangdong both cities ?
Who won more academy awards,  Joseph L. Mankiewicz or Tony Kaye?
How many children's books has the writer of the sitcom Maid Marian and her Merry Men written ? 
Which University was founded earlier, Pennsylvania State University or Queen's University?
This Fox News Specialist Host also took over what Fox Business Channel news program in 2013?
The actress that played  Pearl Gallagher on the tv sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" is also the voice of an animated character that debuted in what year?
The pilot and author of Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters was hired by which news station in 2011?
Who died and had his dog wait in Japan for him for 9 years after his death?
Do singers Lee Donghae and Dappy have the same nationality?
Which film was released first, The Celluloid Closet or Station to Station?
What country does Salmonby and Somersby, Lincolnshire have in common?
What Estonian composer whose music is partly inspired by Gregorian chant set the Latin text of the Magnificat canticle in 1989?
The bomber who carried out a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) assassination attempt against the top tier of the British government in 1984 was born in what year?
Les Ottolenghi was previously the Chief Information Officer at what casino in Paradise, Nevada?
Where is the movie from that is directed by Raymond Yip and stars the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant of 1988?
 WDAL is a country music radio station licensed to a city in what Georgia county?
 Season of Migration to the North  is a counter narrative to a novella by what Polish-British novelist?
Yoann Lemoine, a French video director, has created music videos for Lana Del Rey, Katy Perry, and an orchestral country pop ballad by which top pop artist?
Which musical fantasy film is older, Bedknobs and Broomsticks or The Muppet Christmas Carol?
Which park is larger, Timanfaya National Park or Sierra Nevada National Park?
Are Denzel Washington and David Hewlett both actors?
The person who established the Human Biology journal had released how many publications at his death?
Who has more scope of profession, Edward Dmytryk or Otto Preminger?
Were Stanley Kubrick and Elio Petri from different countries?
Which fantasy film from 1971 featured the song "The Age of Not Believing"?
What was the original name of the theatrical program that was founded by Joseph Papp? 
Which university, attended by Jonas Tilly, is part of California's three-system public higher education plan?
Bill Bryson grew up in a city that is the seat of which county ?
Which American writer wrote both The Ganymede Takeover (1967) and The Man in the High Castle (1962)?
Where is the company that distributed XXXTentacion's single "Revenge" based?
What kind of producer is the person who helped created "The Spiderwick Cronicles" with Holly Black?
Were the Commodore 16 and Prológica CP-400 from the same country?
The Atik Valide Mosque and Valens Aqueduct are found in what country?
Who was the husband of Kalanipauahi's niece?
Where in London was the 2012 Olympic event featuring athletes such as Katsuaki Susa held?
John Stoltenberg is the managing editor of the magazine that focuses on what?
Which musician's band contains more letters in it's name, Micky Dolenz or Jesse James Dupree?
Firstar Center was the name for two buildings before the company changed its name to match which company based in Minneapolis?
Which genus of plant grows originally in Mexico and Guatemala, Phylica or Weldenia?
The History of Ranching is a mural that was originally located at an American brewery that in 1999 began trasfering its production to who?
What land elevation does Khunyang Chhish and Ismoil Somoni Peak have in common?
Actor David Lee Stenstrom played the character Waldo the inventor in a TV show that ran on Nickelodeon during what yeras?
What philosophical system did the author of a novel about Howard Roark develop?
The terminology of algebraic geometry changed drastically with the introduction of the general methods, initiated by a mathematician of what nationality?
Who wrote the novel that the movie directed by Stanley Kubrick that was sampled in the album "Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest" was based on?
What country of origin does Traveling Wilburys and Tom Petty have in common?
What team did the recipient of the 2007 Brownlow Medal play for?
What movie included Robin Williams along with Joshua Aaron Charles, set in 1959 at a Vermont boarding school?
on 16 January 1995 "First Knight" was being filmed at a studio located how far from Windsor ?
In what year was the mathematician husband of Anneli Cahn Lax born?
 Who was born first Doug Liman or Saul Metzstein?
Dan Scalco is best known as a contributing author for a magazine owned by who?
What was a series of battles during the Revolutionary War, for control of New York City and the state of New Jersey, fought on October 28, 1776 near White Plains, New York?
After David Stern retired from being commissioner of the NBA, this american lawyer and businessman succeed him and is now the current commissioner who is he?
Are David Schwimmer and James Wan in the same industry?
Which 8-year old star of an epistolary novel turned musical by Alice Walker also voiced Frankie Greene in a Disney series?
Bytham Castle is a castle in the civil parish of how many houses?
For what film was an actor in Alligator nominated for an Academy Award?
In what city are both 8 Spruce Street and the World Trade Center located?
Suzie Toase is best known for her role as Alecto Carrow in the Part 2 of a movie directed by who?
What year did the actor, who appeared in "One Life to Live" and "General Hospital" in 2012, earn a Daytime Emmy Award?
WHat dish is  Dacryopinax spathularia included in that is also sometimes called Luóhàn cài?
When was the peer-reviewed open access scientific journal established in which Milivoje Kostic Editor-in-Chief of the Thermodynamics section?
Which auhor is younger, Nevil Shute or Grace Metalious?
Who is the writer of this song that was inspired by words on a tombstone and was the first track on the box set Back to Mono?
What type of games are both Castle Risk and Elfenland?
When was the coach of "2008 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team" born? 
What street was the adult entertainment district of the Liberty Tree District centered on?
Armageddon in Retrospect was written by the author who was best known for what 1969 satire novel?
In what year was the aviator in whose honour the Quai d'Auteuil was renamed born?
Neil B. Shulman was the associate producer of what 1991 American romantic comedy film directed by Michael Caton-Jones?
My First Mister co-stars an actor who was best known for his role as what character on the TV series Roseanne?
Are Hoodoo Gurus and Pierre Bouvier of the same nationality?
What group did the 253 West 125th Street-contest winner Spyder Turner sing back up for?
Who is the author of the play that was adapted into a film and featured the orchestral arrangement Suite from Henry V?
Which actor from the South Korean-Thai drama film Final Recipe debuted as a member of Super Junior-M in 2008?
Are both Duke Energy and Affiliated Managers Group based in Massachusetts?
Were Halldór Laxness and Timothy Leary from the same country?
Underwater! is a 1955 adventure film starring an American film actress who was a leading sex symbol in what decades?
What is the name of the popular shopping destination located close to the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort in India?
Where is the University Joe Odom played football for located?
IN what year were both Franz Ferdinand and Sunrise Avenue formed?
What coastal resort is about 11 miles south-east of St Wilfrid's Church?
On what date will the comedy film directed by Kevin Tent and starring the Bulgarian-Canadian actress known for portraying the role of Mia Jones be released on video on demand services?
Which has more species, Lysiloma or Hydrocotyle umbellata?
Both William Friedkin and Jon Paul Puno are both directors of which type of media?
The third solo album by David Gates of Bread shares a name with a 1977 film directed by who?
Which university did one of the key figures in the American documentary film, released in 2015, directed by Malcolm Ingram, pay for, before being drafted 18th overall pick for the New Jersey Nets?
Who created the series broadcast on the WB that Leigh-Allyn Baker had a recurring role on?
The Lowry Hotel is named after an artist, many of whose drawings and paintings depict what town?
Which of the following buildings was designed by SHoP Architects: 247 Cherry or General Motors Building?
The actor known for his role as "Freddie"  in The Deep Blue Sea won the Laurence Olivier Award for his role in which play?
Michael Lent is best known as the co-writer of the memoirs of Hugh Rowland, a star on a reality television series that premiered on what date?
What stagecoach robber did Frederick John Fulton prosecute?
The first statue by Benjamin Victor was of a Paiute activist who was born with what name?
Band-e-Amir Dragons is named after the lakes in which Afghan national park?
Ip Man 3 is the second sequal to the biographical martial arts films first released in what year?
Who has more scope of profession, Bob Fosse or Angelina Jolie?
What is the former name of the team that Tom Shearn was supposed to start for?
Are both American bands The Four Seasons and Local H popular around the Beatles were around?
Are Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas both Opera composers ?
The song Arizona was recorded by Paul Revere and Mark Lindsay but who wrote the song?
One of the members of Dru Hill is nicknamed after which cartoon character?
Which American film director is an advisor for Disney, Rick Ray or John Lasseter?
Which runner-up from "American Idol" wrote country song "Next Boyfriend"?
Which of the two came out first, The Wind in the Willows or The Bears and I?
Rebecca M. Bergman is the President of a college affliated with what church?
In what year was the composer of "Anthem" born?
Who produced the film that featured the the song "No Matter What" on the US edition of the soundtrack?
In what year did Australian-born comedian Peter Helliar write I Love you Too?
What is the population of the city as of the 2010 Census where the band Quincy Mumford & The Reason Why is based?
Javier Frana and Thomaz Koch both share what occupation?
I Like 'em Big and Stupid was a single whose B-side was played on the show of the record collector specializing in what type of music?
At the 46th Grammy Awards, which award did the album by The White Stripes, which included the song Seven Nation Army, win?
Which hospital opened first, St. Elizabeths Hospital or Providence Hospital?
Faces is a mixtape that features guest appearances from an American rapper who released one album with Souf Folk called what?
Who was an actor actor in the film The Ladder of Lies and was born October 23, 1893?
What midfielder for West Bromwich Albion is Michael John Standing an agent for?
Who directed the 2001 film that featured Yu Rongguang?
Which Dutch media tycoon transferred all of its media activities to Talpa Holding?
Which musician, Ciaran Gribbin or Brett Scallions, is a member of the post-grunge band Fuel?
When did the baseball draft with which Alex Lange was the 30th pick began? 
Black Star is the debut fragrance by a singer-songwriter that has sold approximately how many albums worldwide?
Jamie Harris is best known for his role as The Hook-Handed Man in a movie directed by who ?
Devilment finally found a stable vocalist in the founding member of which band?
Were the bands Skin Yard and Ostava from the U.S.?
When was the plaintiff in the 1892 Barbed Wire Patent Case born?
Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck documents the life of Cobain until his suicide in what state?
Are Out Traveler and Reader's Digest both magazines?
