[[en]onlyB_couldnot_ans]

Did Greg Costikyan have the same profession as John Dolmayan?  
Are Wilco Melissant and Todd Field both involved in the film industry (e.g. director, filmmaker, actor)?
Tony Leung Ka-fai is a four time winner of the award that has been on offer since what month?
Between Parsifal and Saul og David which opera has more acts?
"wild combination" was a film about a man who was an American cellist, composer, producer and singer, who is he?
Do both Changle District and Longkou face water?
Born on 6 March 1937, this man was also a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Where is the American hip hop group, that released the song "RedEye to Paris", from?
The Very Best of Ugly Kid Joe: As Ugly as It Gets includes a cover of which Black Sabbath song from their 1970 debut?
At what height does State Route 160 start?
Do Dillingham Airport and Rafael Hernández Airport both handle civilian (passenger) service?
Stokely Webster has paintings can be found at the official residence of whom?
Who was the team president of the 2012 Cleveland Browns?
Are both Ixia and Rhexia a plant genus?
Which documentary was made first, The Shame of a City or Unchained Memories?
Did Vertical Horizon or LCD Soundsystem start their bands first?
Who is from farther west, Halestorm or Audioslave?
Which building is newer, The Spiral, or the New York World Building?
What song written by Jimmy Webb inspired the name of a supergroup including Johnny Cash?
Which small nocturnal fox found in the Sahara of North Africa does the French animated series Fennec have a character?
Are Kalenderhane Mosque and Galata Bridge both located in Istanbul?
The Churchills is a TV exploration of Winston Churchill and his ancestor the Duke of Marlborough, presented by which English historian and broadcaster?
Currently, which division does the fighter, who lost to Jon Jones in the UFC 140 event, fight in?
The title of this Swedish-French crime television series in English refers to a natural phenomenon where the sun remains visible for what?
Which was released first, Kolejka or Ghettopoly?
Do both Lee Tamahori and Robert Redford work as a director?
Which band My Darkest Days or Human Drama had only one constant member?
What friend of a performance artist and professional wrestler has performed in the role of Tony Clifton?
What year was a joint venture between RLJ Companies and this film studio founded in 2005, founded?
The creature HNoMS Draug is named after comes from what kind of mythology?
In what country are both Ugni and Stenomesson native plants?
What is the subsidiary of the record company who released "Love Incredible?"
Which park is larger of the two, Doñana National Park or Timanfaya National Park?
Sal de Mi Piel is a song by the actress who is of what nationality?
The Tennessee Volunteers football team plays as a member for a conference in what city?
Are both  Bright Eyes and Disturbed rock bands from America?
Which band has more members, Muzzle or Primus?
At what school is the individual who was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics, jointly with David J. Wineland, a professor?
"Call Me Mañana" is a song by a group that has sold how many records?
Which board game, Attack! or Can't Stop, was published first?
San Francisco National Cemetery is located at a park that is part of what National Recreation Area?
Are Peter Balakian and James Der Derian both teachers?
Eric Ambler and Carol Shields are both best Known for what profession?
Which was secretary to President Richard Nixon: Rose Mary Woods or H. R. Haldeman?
Who commanded the Anglo-Canadian 21st Army Group and was nicknamed "Monty"?
Who designed the 1954 Plymouth Explorer produced by the Chrysler Corporation?
 Lucas da Silva Carvalho was an unused reserve runner for a Brazilian athletics track event which at top class events is run in lanes for the first what?
Which novelist was German, David Guterson or Thomas Mann?
Dandong and Hotan are located in what country?
The Troubles in Newtownabbey recounts incidents during and the effects of the Troubles in Newtownabbey in the County Antrim of which country?
Which "Blackzilians" fighter is currently competing in the Middleweight division of Ultimate Fighting Championship?
Which breed of dog came first, the Norrbottenspets or the Blue Lacy?
The author of Some Other Rainbow was born on what day and year?
Which was published founded most recently, InStyle or Godey's Lady's Book?
At what venue was the January 2, 2012 game featured the University of Louisville team?
Are 111 Murray Street and 220 Central Park South both located in Manhattan?
Who proposed plan in which education in state institutions of Argentina is free at the initial, primary, secondary and tertiary levels and in the undergraduate university level? 
Into Dust is a song by the alternative rock band formed in which city?
Robert Bobby Noble's third football engagement was with a association station where?
In regards to the high school that forced Manchester High School to change its name in 1922, when was its first graduating class?
Kim Dong-won's directorial debut film was a sequal to what 2001 film?
Which author is an economist, Czesław Miłosz or Bhabananda Deka?
What city did the Freebooters F.C. soccer team lose in that is now known as Croke Park?
The last film that Kim Hyun-seok wrote was in 2015, what day was it released?
 New Hampshire Northcoast Corporation interchanges cars with which holding company of Class II regional railroads?
"Heartbreak Hurricane" was recorded by which country artist, that also goes by the name Ricky Skaggs?
What Danish drama thriller which takes place in both Denmark and Africa was produced by Sisse Graum Jørgensen?
Between Yasujirō Ozu and Bent Hamer, who has more creative titles?
Which airport is located further north in the United States, San Angelo Regional Airport or Grand Junction Regional Airport?
What do Lavinia Greenlaw and Nâzım Hikmet have in common?
What country does Ogwini Comprehensive Technical High School and Durban have in common?
Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime comedy-drama film starring an Australian actress who was also cast in what soap opera?
Are Ana Kasparian and Katherine Sarafian both Armenian-
After partially sinking in 1994, Celestyal Crystal was rebuilt for the purpose of what Bermudian company?
The 2005 film Remedy featured Frank Vincent from The Sopranos and several mob movies by which acclaimed director?
Which crop first domesticated in Mexico has its price regulated by a Mexican parastatal created in 1962?
Who gained recognition earlier, Tim Roth or Polly Draper
In the USA, gun powder is used in conjunction with this to start the Boomershot.
Which game can have more players, The Magic Labyrinth or Shogun?
What professional dancers twice turned on a lights festival taking place on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire?
Which came to market first, "Hey Pa! There's a Goat on the Roof" or "Poleconomy"
Which genus has more species, Salvia or Arachis?
The football player for appeared as Gabe Cooper in the series Daniel Boone played college football for what university?
Shaqtin' a Fool has included which television personality who worked for 8 yearst at ESPN?
What property do the films Sweet Crude and Tunisian Victory share?
Have singers Yang Yo-seob and Kim Tae-yeon both appeared in group bands?
Was Pepper Keenan or Rob Parissi born first?
What editor of the The Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set is best known for his work at TSR, Inc.?
This high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood was named after a settler who was arrested by who?
Which university - the University of Rochester or the University of Colorado - is located further east?
What film was the screen debut of the musician nicknamed "Lady Day"?
The Huskies football team were invited to the Alamo Bowl where they were defeated by a team coached by Art Briles and who played their home games at what statium?
 Which movie did Disney produce first,  The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh or Ride a Wild Pony?
What is the genre of the 1991 film that featured the song "Breakin' the Rules" ?
 Procter & Gamble Co. was founded by a British-born American candlemaker who died in what year?
Are both Dictyosperma, and Huernia described as a genus?
Does the band God Lives Underwater or the band The Dear Hunter come from a larger state?
Are Yingkou and Fuding the same level of city?
The Findlater Castle built on a 50 ft -high cliff overlooking the Moray Firth was redesigned in the 14th century based on the model of what Scottish castle?
What genre of composers were both Claudio Monteverdi and Georges Bizet? 
Insomniac Events is part of a partnership with a club founded by an investor of what heritage?
The songs from the sountrack to "When Harry Met Sally" are performed by a singer that has had how many top 20 US albums?
What profession is shared by both Monty Banks and George Seaton?
What was the name of the fanzine that interviewed the Sex Pistols bassist when he was in the band "The Flowers of Romance?"
Did both  Slaughter-House Cases and United States v. Darby Lumber Co. involve civil rights law?
The actor who starred in "The Hearse" gained worldwide film by starring in whose series of 1940s films?
Warren Gamaliel Harding had an affair with which American secretary born on November 9, 1896?
Egremont Castle is located in what market town, civil parish, and two electoral wards in the Borough of Copeland in Cumbria, England?
Who was born last, Dave Peverett or Jang Hyun-seung?
Augustus Jesse Bowie Jr was the innovator of the switch that was crucial to leading to the passage of which federal legislation in 1936?
Padosan had a supporting actor who is known as a successful playback singer in what language?
Who provided the source material for the 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film in which Rebecca Gibney featured? 
What is the title of the person who is Head of the Department of Biological Sciences at the University of Lincoln
What show was Elena Shaddow in that was written by a relative of Richard Rodgers?
Who created the show that featured Triumph the Insult Comic Dog?
whiich Australian racing driver won the 44-lap race for the Red Bull Racing team?
Kevin Watson currently manages which Southern League football team?
Which plant has more species, Bolax or Jovibarba?
Which plant genus has a longer common name, Myrtus or Eustoma?
The movies Queen of Blood and Battle Beyond the Sun both contained scenes from what 1959 Soviet feature?
Taylor Nichols was part of the ensemble cast of which 1995 American black comedy and psychological horror film?
Who died first, George Archainbaud or Ralph Murphy?
Getting Married in Buffalo Jump stars an actor who was born in what city?
Michelle Lewis has written songs for which "Lizzie McGuire" actress? 
Which battle took place during the American Civil War, Battle of Gettysburg or Battle of Tarawa?
On what date will the election for which Krishanti Vignarajah is a declared Democratic candidate be held?
Who played Dominic Toretto in all eight films, starting in 2001, from Universal's biggest film franchise ever?
Roger O. Egeberg was Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs during the administration of a president that served during what years?
Ivan Simson was under the command of the officer who was most noted for a defeat at what WWII battle?
The Cat in the Hat was a comedy film directed by which production designer and director?
Which has more species, Festuca or Dactylis?
Which genus contains more species, Crowea or Dracula?
Which dog breed is NOT recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI), the Korean Jindo or the Taigan?
Max Hoffmann along with Hindenburg and Ludendorff, masterminded the devastating defeat of the Russian armies in a battle fought when ?
For which film did the Director team with NASA scientists, Aliens of the Deep or Poetry in Motion?
What was the original name of the female singing group that recorded "The Happening"?
My Babysitter's a Vampire was created by Fresh TV, who also created which Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7, 2004 on Teletoon?
Which case came first,  Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc. or Diamond v. Chakrabarty?
what city was the chapel that Princess Anne got married in located?
This sister company  of Líneas Aéreas Privadas Argentinas is most commonly known by its shortened name Austral?
Which dog is believed to dispel ghosts and evil spirits, Segugio Italiano or Sapsali?
Rawlins Park is a small public park in a neighborhood that got its name due to what ?
Which band has had more members, The Operation M.D. or Del Amitri?
Is Muskegon County Airport or John Wayne Airport further west?
Which music group has the most members, DC Talk, or Manchester Orchestra?
Are both Viken Babikian and Don Manoukian American ?
The focus city for Israel's third largest airline is located where? 
Charles Scribner's Sons publishes the books of what author whose books cover subjects such as the Cold War, mathematics, politics, and economics, and global terrorism?
Andrei Ivanovich Gorchakov commanded the 1st Infanty Corps in what major engagement of the Napoleonic Wars?
What is the seventh book of the Hebrew and Christina bible and also has Quran references to the river drinking experience?
Where is the usual main ingredient of Hákarl normally found?
Tefik Selim Mborja was a part of a party that held power in Albania until what year? 
Predelta National Park is located in which area of Argentina comprising of the provinces Misiones, Entre Ríos and Corrientes?
Which composer was born first out of Gaspare Spontini and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
Who is older, Simon Neil or Michael McKean?
Which restaurant was founded first, Papa Murphy's or Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti?
 The Nike Hoop Summit has had many current NBA players as former participants, including what German player from the Dallas Mavericks?
Who is the author of the 1993 production Madge Ryan participated in?
Have filmmakers Brent Hodge and Ayoub Qanir both received awards for their work?
How has played in more bands, Kim Wilson or Chino Moreno?
Which novel by the author of "Armada" will adapted as a feature film by Steven Spielberg?
Who played for the 1983–84 New York Knicks season and also had a younger brother who played in the NBA during his career
What is the name of the band that had a song featured in the second installment of a 2005 horror film starring Donnie Wahlberg?
New Jersey politicians Linda Stender and Leonard Lance were born within a year of each other beginning in which year?
Who was a student of Rolls Gracie and ran the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro?
The Argentine PGA Championship record holder has won how many tournaments worldwide?
What do Woodstock and American Dream have in common?
Lauri Markkanen was traded for which player who was born in Houston?
Taylor McNamara played college football at USC a football program that is currently a member of what Conference
Henricus Antonius "Han" van Meegeren sold a forged painting to a military leader who was the recipient of what?
What is the genus and species of the bear in which the Florida black bear is a subspecies of?
Finally includes the song that peaked at what on the US Hot 100
What form of play does Yameen and Activision have in common?
Between two bands Audioslave and Bodyjar, which group formed earlier?
What plant has about 40 species native to Asia, Manglietia or Abronia?
How many miles west of Phoenix, Arizona is the base where the 63d Fighter Squadron is assigned?
Is the university that Mary Jane Phillips-Matz attended in New York a public or private school?
Is Chicago Rockford International Airport or McClellan–Palomar Airport closer to their nearest cities?
Ms. Knope Goes to Washington is the fifth season premiere of an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as who?
What county is Icknield Walk First School located in?
What is the current capital of the district that Michael "Mike" Campbell is from?
Which of the singers has more things to be known for, Greg Puciato or Syd Barrett?
Are both Cynthia Mort and George Archainbaud American?
Reveille Park is the eighth album by which American rapper born on October 5, 1970?
How many beer brands are in the portfolio of the company that hired Leonardus (Leo) Petrus Beukeboom to decorate cafes?
Which item spanned farther distances regarding sales, Interact Home Computer or Sord M5?
Which magazine ranked the Indian Carnatic vocalist who collaborated with classical pianist Anil Srinivasan among 35 Game Changers under 35?
The player who laid motionless for ten minutes in the Todd Bertuzzi–Steve Moore incident was born in which year ?
Which film was released first, Laura's Star or Wonder Woman?
In what town does the one-time star of "And There's More" now live?
This work of literature _______ , known by its Greek title Oedipus Tyrannus was argued by Sigmund Freud to be one of the greatest works of world literature in his 1928 article. 
Osireion is located to the rear of the temple named after which New Kingdom Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt pharaoh?
The actor that played Gutthi on Comedy nights with Kapil Show also starred in what 2016 Punjabi film directed by Smeep Kang?
Between Aspidistra and Cyrtanthus, which genus of plant belongs to the Subfamily Amaryllidoideae?
Sadok Sassi played for a national team that made its first World Cup in what year?
Which of the bands, Hot Snakes or UB40, has more band members?
From which country is the largest known example of European Iron Age silver work?
What English competitive sailor has Mike Bushell included top tips from in his features?
The eldest daughter of Princess Louise of Denmark and Norway was the wife of a king whose motto was what?
In what school district is Governor John R. Rogers High School, named after John Rankin Rogers, located?
What United Kingdom Prime Minister was succeeded in the 1990s by the Leader of the Conservative Party?
Which professional tennis player was born first, Lucie Hradecká or Raffaella Reggi?
What river has five waterfalls depicted on a state seal?
Were Darby O'Gill and the Little People and Dangal only produced by Walt Disney Pictures?
The American short horror The sub stars which American actress, make-up artist and producer born in 1964?
How many cards can a player choose from to be part of their hand in the card game that was the culmination game of the United States Poker Championship?
Which of the teams that Sun-woo Kim played on never won a division title?
The Twelfth United States Army Group commander was the first chairman of what?
What is the name of this American entrepreneur-businessman and author from Michigan, who incumbent Governor Jennifer Granholm was elected over in the 2005 Michigan gubernatorial election?
Witkins Township is served what district that is represented by Tim Murphy?
What kind of unit was led by the German general who wanted to rush north up the Channel coast to capture Boulogne, Calais and Dunkirk during the Battle of Boulogne?
What stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea hosted the Collision in Korea and is also known as the May Day Stadium?
"It's Me That You Need" is a song with lyrics written by Bernie Taupin and which artist whose career spans five decades?
What is the nationality of the actor who costarred with Joe Chen and Jia Nailiang in "Destined to Love You"?
Which film featured Rosalind Cash prior to the release of "Sister, Sister"?
Faith Goldy got fired after an interview she gave on what production site edited by Andrew Anglin?
Who described the captain of the winners of the 1964-65 European Cup Winners Cup as the best defender he had ever played against ?
Which 1994 British romantic comedy featured the song "Love Is All Around"?
Who died first, Chester Erskine or Sam Taylor?
Flowers in the Attick starred which "Mad Men" actress?
Between The Goldeneye and Monkey Gland, which cocktail requires more ingredients?
The 1997 independent slapstick comedy film Snowboard Academy stars this Danish-Italian actress, model, singer and reality television personality who began her career modelling for whom?
From what countries are Gauhar Ali and Iftikhar Ahmed from?
Who was the base where the 413th Flight Test Group is stationed named after?
Used to This was included on the streaming version of the album released in 2017 on what label?
What is the area of the desert that Ghanzi is in the middle of?
How long is the river for which Frenchmans Creek is a tributary?
What is this machine that is able to fly by gaining support from the air whose maneuvering is referenced to a standard rate turn, also known as a rate one turn?
The company that created the Data Universal Numbering System has a database that contains how many business records?
What is the middle name of the actor who hosted the24th People's Choice Awards with  Reba McEntire ?
Which president of Botswana did Naomi Jacobson immortalize as a statue?
Between two bands, Mastodon and Hole, which one has more members?
Louis, Count of Armagnac has a descendant that includes which final king of Italy?
Are Portuguese Podengo and Russo-European Laika the same breed of dog?
Are Lochner v. New York and Cooley v. Board of Wardens both Supreme Court cases dealing with labor laws?
What country of origin does Stan Williams and Adelaide Oval have in common?
Between the documentaries The Staten Island Catapult and Frida, en trotjänarinna which came first?
What date in 2010 was a South Korean film starring  Kim Hyang-gi released?
Nicholas Medforth-Mills is a grandson to a king who was born on what day and year?
In 2106 this magnetically confine nuclear fusion device achieved the highest pressure of a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged ions called what?
How many Academy Awards has the writer for the music of The Road to Hong Kong won?
Are Phlebodium and Pieris both species of ferns?
Tile Kolup pretended to be a member of what House?
Deyemi Okanlawon was in a music viideo by a Nigerian rapper who began his career with what group?
American singer-songwriter, Taylor Swift, self-penned the song, Change, alongside Nathan Chapman, which was featured on her second studio album released by who?
Are Local H and For Against both from the United States?
Who was the American congressman whose actions led to a CIA program to arm Jihadi warriors in Afghanistan in the 1980's?
From which city in Oklahoma is the singer of a song that peaked at number 24 on "Billboard" magazine's pop chart in December 1953?
The Light Princess was inspired by "what" literary tale published by Charles Perrault in 1697?
Which band has more members, Kitchens of Distinction or Royal Blood?
Which canal, Miami Canal or Dundee Canal, also supplies hydro-power and water for manufacturing?
Who has worked for more film companies, Kelly Reichardt or Jacques Tourneur?
Which film was released first, Summer Magic or Around the World in 80 Days?
Robert Allen "Bob" Case is best known for inspiring the naming of which initial area of low pressure developed off Atlantic Canada on October 29? 
Who was born first, Sarah Jacobson or Arthur Hiller?
What former LA King and current free agent went to school at Lorne Atkins Junior High in St Albert, Alberta?
Who has won more olympic medals: Angelique Kerber or Amélie Mauresmo?
Which of the following board games accommodates up to 10 players: The Game of Life or the History of the World?
Which town has a greater population as of the 2010 census, Minden, Nevada or Gardnerville, Nevada?
Both Olaf Eller and Lars Eller are involved in which sport?
Which genus has more species, Xanthoceras or Ehretia?
Las Vegas Festival Grounds is north of the hotel that is owned by which company?
Who starred in more films Margaret Landon or Elizabeth Taylor?
What was the 2016 population of the city on the Bay Fundy which had an office of the Bank of British North America?
FC Barcelona ambassador Ronaldinho won what French award in addition to FIFA World Player of the Year?
What golf course, located in Fulton County, Georgia, saw Keegan Bradley win a championship?
What network does the original presenter of ITV Nightly News currently present for?
Who was the original recording artist of the song which was chosen over If You've Got Trouble for the Beatles' "Help!" film?
Who was the football manager that played in the Football League Cup in 1985 and managed to lead the Birmingham City Football Club's 103rd season to finish in the 18th position?
Bure Family Wines is named after former ice hockey player?
