[[en]anyone_couldnot_ans]

When did the UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade conducted the attack The Miami Showband killings?
How many episodes were in the 23rd season of a Fox network show which, in it's twenty-second season, aired it's twenty-first episode which was written by John Frink and directed by Bob Anderson.
What New York city is 60 miles northwest of the Glen Iris Inn?
Who is one other client that is represented by the same person that also represents a barrister at Doughty Street Chambers?
What program responsible for the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act works with AHCCS?
Arbutus and Aspidistra are what types of plants?
What did Karan Kapoor's maternal grandfather deliver?
In 1632, where was one of the most highly acclaimed English architects born?
The 1997–98 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team lost to what team in the sweet sixteen match?
What do a Flaming beverage and a Gin and tonic have in common?
Where did Otto von Bismarck and Ludwig Friedrich Leopold von Gerlach originate? 
Sam Mendes and Ruby Yang share what profession?
How many chapters does Yōko Shōji's most famous manga have?
The American Sweetgum is the hostplant of what kind of bug?
George Gershwin is an American Composer and Judith Weir is a composer from which country?
Which show was Andrew "Andy" Spade's brother in n the 1990s?
Which name adopted by African-American activist Allen Donaldson co-found Black Power movement of the 1960s and 1970s
The Gap band was from what neighbor hood that was known as the black wall street?
 Worldview Entertainment is an American independent motion picture company that produced a 2015 mystery thriller film based on a novel by who?
J. Searle Dawley and Ken Annakin were both directors of what?
What were the nicknames for the companion of Nuna?
What Japanese Auto Manufacturer headquarted in Minato, Tokyo, Japan did Nissan aquire controlling interest in?
Which country in Florida is the airport associated with transportation in Jacksonville, Florida?
Which airport is closer to the Atlantic ocean: Wilmington International Airport, or Texarkana Regional Airport?
How many girls and boys are in the seventeen sibling family featured on Counting On?
The 1994 "The Shadow" co-stars Lone, Penelope Ann Miller, Peter Boyle, Jonathan Winters, Tim Curry and an actor that has received how many Emmy Award nominations?
What type of music were vocalists Billie Joe Armstrong and Frank Iero involved with?
"Clydebuilt" is on the south bank of what river?
Are Dorothy Parker and Maxine Kumin the same nationality?
How many rooms does the Tropicana Hotel have where the 7th annual Adult Video News awards ceremony were held in 1980?
What year did the musical premiere that was based on the 2007 Irish romantic musical film of the same name?
Does the drink Quick Fuck have more layers than the drink Ti' Punch?
What is in both the Lithocarpus and Duranta species?
Which of the university at which Jack M. Guttentag  is a professor emeritus of finance was established in 1881 through a donation?
Which contributor to Fear: 13 Stories of Suspense and Horror was born on March 15, 1953 ?
Chimaja Appawas the younger brother of a general of the Maratha Empire in India, who served as what to the fifth Maratha Chhatrapati Shahu from 1720 until his death?
Whos version of Dawn of the Dead did R.D. Reid act in, the original by Zack Snyder or the remake by George A. Romero?
Are the mountains known as Trivor and The Crown both found in Asia?
Who selected the quarterback in the 1999 NFL draft, two spots after All American Tim Couch?
Carlos Salazar Lomelín is the CEO of which Mexican multinational beverage retailer?
Tritonia and Phyteuma are both names for a what of plants?
Which restaurant chain is based further south, Pizza Fusion or Imo's Pizza?
What animation company produced the first season of an animated television series co-created by Jorge Aguirre?
In what country was the actor Chris Hemsworth, one of the stars in the motion picture Thor: The Dark World, born?
What conference does the team that drafted Derrick Hamilton in 2004 belong to?
The royal anthem is changed from what to "long live our noble Duke"?
"Twenty Two" is an episode of the series "The Twilight Zone." adapted from an anecdote by a publisher who made appearance in what panel game show?
What pursuit did both Gevork Minaskanian and George Stambolian have in common?
Which professional baseball player was born in 1984 and played as a rookie for the Los Angeles Dogers in 2007?
Does Dashboard Confessional have more members than World Party?
Raiffeisen Zentralbank is the central institution of one a group of co-operative banks in Austria. What is the name of the other group?
Which magazine was published first, Woman's Day or The Lady?
Are both Kyosuke Himuro and Boy George musicians from the 1980s?
Which retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward was a main player for Valencia CF?
What is the occupation of the Miami Dolphins owner's wife?
What is the shared country of ancestry between Art Laboe and Scout Tufankjian?
Candy Coburn has shared the stage with an American country music group with who playing guitar?
What is the population of the city at which the transmitter of WLLZ-LP was placed? 
Were either Hou Hsiao-hsien or Kenny Ortega winners of an Academy Award?
What kind of action does Mark's Pizzeria and Patxi's Chicago Pizza have in common?
José Saramago and Ivo Andrić were recipients of what award in Literature?
What where Mark Chamberlain and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain being?
What is Diego Tonetto's Italian passport called?
Who is a guitarist, Saffron or Myles Kennedy?
Which of the role of Cindy Robinson was an anime adaptation of the "Blue Dragon" video game series?
Where does the train that runs from NYC and Miami station at in Florida?
What philosophy related to creationism is Paul Nelson noted for?
What is the relationship between the singers on the album Tales of Old Grand Daddy?
When was one of the fresco mural, one of the greatest treasures of the Hood Museum of Art, painted?
Which American music star appeared as a guest in a Will & Grace episode called "Back Up, Dancer"?
Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission with which tribe of indigenous people?
What is the occupation of the father of the actor that plays Will Graham on teh series "Hannibal"?
Who is a poet, Rumi or Farouk El-Baz?
Which battle, the Battle of Cold Harbor, or the Second Battle of Bull Run, was fought first?
What type of comedian was cloned in a series centering on Mitchell Reynolds?
What community is the team Isaac Gómez played midfielder for located?
The True Colors World Tour was by what artist whose debut album was "She's So Unusual"?
How many of the 12 million immigrants to the United States through Ellis Island were Italian immigrants?
What career led Brandon James Routh to move to the city where Brian Ralston lives?
What is the best known novel from the author of "Laura Warholic"?
Which Independent Spirit Award was an actress, who was in a film directed by Neil LaBute, nominated for?
Are Vintage Life and InStyle both US-based magazines?
Is Dappy or Tobias Sammet German? 
Who starred alongside South Korean actor and singer Kim Ki-bum in the 2012 romantic comedy series I Love Lee Tae-ri?
What was the previous name of the hotel Bill Cosby recorded his comedy album, For Adults Only, in?
The moon represents my heart is a mandarin song made famous by Teresa Teng, what other language does she sing in?
Are both The Day the Universe Changed and Lennon or McCartney American documentary short films?
Until what year did the Chief of Justice of the Supreme Court that administered the presidential oath of office to Abraham Lincoln on his first inauguration as the 16th President of the United States hold that office?
How many members does the lower house of the state legislature in which Samuel Leavitt served have?
What honor has been received by both a former NASA Astronaut and the Founder of FlightSafety International?
Which of the people featured on Wall of Fame is the daughter of Bernie Ecclestone?
When was the medieval fortress abandoned that is to the north of Yellowcraig?
Which university's teams with a mascot called Stomper began competing in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference in 2008?
Ryan Fredericks plays for a professional football club based in which city ?
Who lived longer, Alejandro Jodorowsky or Philip Saville?
Which male singer performed together with a female American singer, who was born in 1954 and whose third studio album was named Through His Eyes, have a hit duet with in 1985?
A pakistani photogropher was the personal photographer of a Pakistani politician who served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977,and who also served in what political office prior to that?
Arthur Noss was a gunner for the commader during which two European theatre battles in WWII?
Who designed the theater where the London Philharmonic Orchestra plays? 
What's the function of Axess, an IT company spun out of Japan Airlines, the national flag carrying airline? 
Which Captain launched the attack which led to more casualties than any other incident in the war fought between the settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population?
What English-American actor known for his role in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" starred in The Lodger?
Are Muzzle and Screaming Trees both alternative rock bands?
What election was Senator Harry Reid at in Nevada?
Which songwriting duo composed music for "La La Land", and created lyrics for "A Christmas Story: The Musical"? 
What kind of result does 2013 Ghana Movie Awards and A Northern Affair have in common?
Who were the live-in lovers of the founder of "Playboy" magazine in 1999 and 2000?
in 1999, Spirit Halloween LLC was purchased by a mall retailer that has how many stores in the United States and Canada ?
Who was the opponent of the Republican of Indenosia when Nugroho Notosusanto served as a member of the Student Army
Viking: The Ultimate Obstacle Course was a game show that aired in Europe with the British presenter who was an Olympic participant in what sport?
What record did the Super Bowl XXXIV champions finish the regular-season with in 1999?
Who was Germany's large-scale, low strength fortification unit, disbanded in 1919, named after? 
Glenn Quagmire is voiced by the creator of what 2012 film?
Are York Minster and Brentwood Cathedral in the same country?
Which magazine eventually had more monthly publications, Vogue or Y'all?
What Tony Award winner directed and co-produced Six by Sondheim?
The Collection at RiverPark is anchored by Target and an American supermarket chain that features foods without what type of fat?
Batthyany belongs to a Hungarian family with what Latin meaning?
Who passed away first Max Ophüls and Shirley Clarke ?
What party does the person that represents Stoke Newington Central belong to?
Where was the rapper in 13 Dead Men from?
Are Sunset Strip and American Hardcore both music documentaries?
Who did the player nicknamed "The Human Highlight Film" play for after he left the Atlanta Hawks?
What type of group does Roses Are Red and Sleeping with Sirens have in common?
In what city does a Christian minister who won the singles title with Jan Kodes in the 1970 French Open currently reside?
the head football coach at the University of Houston from 2007 to 2011, is the current team coach of which football team ?
What is the total circulation of the magazine that called Ohio State Route 78 one of the most scenic highways nationwide?
What is the weight limit of the weight class that Takeyasu Hirono fights in?
Drisheen is what type of product made in Ireland and other parts of Europe?
Who starred in the 1991 American action comedy film The Hard Way and was featured on the roster of Rawkus Records?
What British company was involved in recording the audiobook for the book known as The Golden Compass in North America?
What type of band is the group who released a 2007 compilation CD?
Party of Syrian Unity was established in the wake of a public statement that announced what ?
What was the 54th edition the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final, Europe's premier club football tournament , played?
What Danish sports club based in Copenhagen  did striker Søren Lindsted start his career at?
The Kansas City Wizards have had three home venues in Kansas City in their time.  Which was their first?
What do Káťa Kabanovát and Der ferne Klang have in common?
 The Human Condition is a film trilogy that follows a Japanese pacifist and socialist as he tries to survive in a political system that strives to regulate what?
What 1958 born American television writer and actress contributed to the writing on I Am Not Homer?
When was the earliest film of High School and The Thorn in the Heart shot?
The actor that plays Phileas Fogg in "Around the World in 80 Days", co-starred with Gary Cooper in a 1939 Goldwyn Productions film based on a novel by what author?
Stephen Joseph Bercik was mayer of a city that had a population of 124,969 as of the 2010 United States Census, and that has an estimated population of what for 2015?
Besides the founder of Led Zeppelin, and Bert Jansch, what other to British musician was heavily influenced by Davey Graham?
What province is the city where Matts (Matti) Wiktor Hoikka was a blacksmith and politician?
Who designed the hotel that held the IFBB professional bodybuilding competition in September 1991?
Where was Nobel Laureate in Physics know for his contributions with Abdus Salam and Steven Weinberg a professor?
The Bay Plaza Shopping Center contains a store that headquartered where? 
Which video game featured the Houston Rockets player named NBA Sixth Man of the Year in 2012?
What color was the dog that Socks had conflicts with?
What do the Church of St. Mary of the Spring and Hagia Irene have in common?
Is the U.S. Bank Stadium home to the Minnesota Vikings, open air or fixed-roof?
What unit of the Air National Guard is located at a base that was home to the 509th Bomb Wing flying the General Dynamics FB-111A?
who is younger Keith Bostic or Jerry Glanville ?
Joel H. Cohen is the younger brother of one-time Simpsons writer who has also written for which show? 
What is the name of the largest shipping facility in the Northeastern United States, where the Boston Red Socks play?
The actress who portrayed C. C. Babcock on "The Nanny" played alongside which actor who portrayed Punk #1 in "Interface"?
The State Theatre is part of a performing arts centre located in what Australian suburb?
In which county is the town in which Raymond Robertsen was born ?
Which author wrote a play in 2006 and a book on homosexual sex in 1977?
Southern California Logistics Airport is how many miles northwest of Victorville, California?
Which wrestler, who died in 2009, featured on the wrestling show Starrcade?
What Kenya-based company owns the Tusker beer brand?
What other series is the actress who plays Malory Archer well known for?
Hermann Wilhelm Göring was a veteran fighter pilot in a war that ended in what year?
Johnny Mathis: Wonderful Wonderful aired at what luxury hotel, casino and spa resort located in Atlantic City, New Jersey?
Where is the city that Ingrida Ardišauskaitė was born in located in Lithuania?
Which American cable news and talk radio host was the former GOP representative
What concert tour headlined by Coal Chamber in 1999 was named after the popular hit song by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, spanish for "the crazy life"?
Where in the traditional West Riding of Lindsey is the Trolleybus Museum Located?
What is the year of the event that occured first, Making Today a Perfect Day was produced, or Frozen was produced?
The Good Dinosaur features the voice of what Canadian-born New Zealand actress?
What did Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's residence become once it became Atatürk Museum Mansion?  
On November 2, 2010, John Spratt lost to an AMerican politician who served in the South Carolina General Assembly from 2007 until when?
In what part of England is John Folwes' country house located?
Was the 2007 documentary 'Zoo' more successful than the 1998 documentary 'Divine Trash'?
Which record label released Van Morrison's "I've Been Working" on the album "His Band and the Street Choir"?
Who was the director of 1935 American crime drama film, which was the feature film debut if the classic actor born on May 20,1908 ?
The Roissy Airport connects to Paris and cities in what countries?
The Innviertel is a traditional Austrian region southeast of a river that is how many km long?
Blank Check and Air Bud are both examples of what type of movie?
Vocelli Pizza and Noble Roman's serve which kind of food?
The runner-up in The Celebrity Apprentice 2 has written an autobiography titled what?
Which college was founded first, Williams College or University of Southern California?
The Parc des Buttes-Chaumont was opened during the reign of the President of what era in France?
Is Awolnation an American alternative rock band and This Mortal Coil was a music collective
What is the profession of Ansel Elgort's character in "Baby Driver?"
The Ingerophrynus gollum is named after a character in a book that sold how many copies?
How many times has the driver who placed third in the 2003 Italian Grand Prix won at the Grand Prix?
When is the election held for the position former policy director Krishanti "Krish" Vignarajah is running in?
Which dog is considered a giant dog breed, the  Leonberger or the Basset Hound?
Which British-Mauritian model starred alongside Raj Babbar and Mahesh Manjrekar in a 2011 Indian romantic comedy film?
Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of Exxonmobil and another corporation that has operations in how many countries ?
Which mountain, Masherbrum or Khunyang Chhish, is a taller mountain?
St. John's College, Belize offers an education in a tradition in which what three subjects were the core?
Which season did the UCF Knights represent at an American metropolitan public research university in Orlando, Florida?
John Douglas Gibson lived his whole life in a suburb of what city?
What is the last name of the singer behind Southern Child?
What Was the name of Juan Manuel Márquez's  WBO champion holding younger brother?
Which internationl football team has had a player endorse the "Nike Hypervenom" football boot?
What role in the military did the discoverer of the elliptical galaxy NGC 3610 have before reaching Britain ?
Telos was an album by a band who formed in what city?
What was the name of the hill that was the seat of an estate uphill Aldbury?
What was the first film scored by the man who composed the soundtrack for Udhayam NH4?
What are both James Hetfield and Bob Marley?
What episode of South Park was the episode that aired in May before Funnybot?
In 1967, there were how many active members in the organization whose first Grand Wizard was convicted for the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer? 
Both Bo Diddley and The Yardbirds played which common genre of music during their careers?
Michael Braz completed a libretto for what Georgia college, founded in 1906?
which league is the 121th season of top-tier competitive football in Switzerland which Ulrich Forte coach FC Zürich in the league 
Which building was completed first the W. R. Grace Building or 10 Hudson Yards?
Nochnye Snaipery was founded by Svetlana Surganova and a female who is an Honored Artist of where?
Who wrote The Devils, and was an eninent English theater, opera and film director?
Philip Savage served as Direcor of Player Personnel for the Baltimore Ravens under what general manager who was inducted into both the College and Pro Football Halls of Fame?
Where are Catcha Lake and Hedley Mascot Mine located?
What population ranking is the Oklahoma city located south of a wilderness area spanning over 5000 acres?
Wade Watts is the uncle of a politican who played college footbal for which team ?
Which song was behind the third single on the album  "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)" for two weeks on the country charts?
What nationality is the director of the 1971 film Wake in Fright?
Mother and daughter duo Indian actresses appear in which type of films
What role was played in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" by the actor who played an Addams Family character played by Jackie Coogan in the original television series?
 The Minnesota State High School Mathematics League was founded by a professor at a private coeducational liberal arts college founded in what year? 
What county in Minnesota holds a 202 lb slab of greywacke covered in runes?
What is the name of the US battleship best know for the setting of the film Under Siege and the site of the surrender of the Empire of Japan to end World War II?
What muffler repair shop owner inspired Andrey Zvyagintsev's film Leviathan?
The Ranters were a loose collection of radical so-called heretics whose main objection was with what major division of Christendom?
What mall was known as a twin of the mall located on I-45 on the Southeast side of Houston?
Who played Amelia Vanek in the film adaptation of Monster?
Jack Alfred Evans played with a football club team that is based in what city in Australia?
Who died in the battle located near the River Boyne in Ireland?
What is the first name of the author who wrote the play in which Rønnaug Alten made her stage debut at Den Nationale Scene in 1930 as "Viola"?
What South Australian capital held UFC Fight Night 65 in May of 2015?
Muslim Mahammad oglu Magomayev is the grandfther of what Soviet Azerbaijani singer who was dubbed the King of Songs?
Between Harvey Pekar and Denise Levertov who was born earlier?
The song that came out ahead of The Wanted's "Lightning" on the UK Singles Chart was featured on which album?
What political office was held by two successive occupants of the same castle located in Lauderdale, Scotland?
How did the singer of Pyramid rise to fame?
Who was the winner of the season of The Rap Game where a contestant named Lady Leshurr as one of her influences?
Which contest did the singer of the song Mama's Song win ?
The "civic rally cross" was sold alongside what other model sold exclusively in Japan at Honda Verno dealerships? 
Friedrich Ratzel coined the phrase Lebensraum; which political movement made it notorious by taking it to extremes?
Which country borders the Central African Republic and is south of Libya and east of Niger?
What city is the the Iranian Airlines involved in the 1993 Tehran mid-air collision based out of?
Dahlia and Aruncus are both examples of what type of plant catagorization?
What is the nickname of this American retired airline captain celebrated for his water landing with Jeffrey Skiles, after a bird strike and being unable to reach an airport?
The NG postcode area is situated approximately how many miles from Gamston, Rushcliffe?
What kind of song did Alexander Grant produce for Eminem?
What party was Johan Henrik Deuntzer a part of before the party that translates to the "Radical Left?"
The American restaurant chain, the Original House of Pies, is also responsible for an American chain of fruit drink beverage stores with an eponymous beverage consisting of what?
Who was born first Al-Karaji or Masatoshi Gündüz Ikeda?
Were Ransom Riggs and John Berry from the same country?
How does George Abbott's career connect to the drama film Heat Lightning?
How many times has the national team Joseph Raich Garriga played for in 1941 participated in FIFA World Cups?
Who will conduct the firing cannons in Victoria as part of a musical piece written to celebrate the defeat of Napoleon in Russia?
The water-based dark ride in Walt Disney is connected to a song known for what?
What is the central institution of Cheyenne Indian tribal governance that Ehyophsta was not a member of?
This man who was born on April 25th, 1947, was a member of this lower house of the Hawaii State Legislature.
What performing traditionally from the longest continental mountain range in the world, are Grupo Aymara famous for?
In which city are the headquarters of the American research and scientific development company where Ravi Sethi worked as computer scientist located?
What is the global rank by population of the city that Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd is based in?
The album "Mr. 12 String Guitar" features a singer that hosted a variety show from 1969 to 1972 on what newtork?
John Michael Montgomery has had more than 30 singles on the "Billboard" country music charts, but what single from his fourth studio album What I Do the Best never reached the top ten on the Hot Country Songs charts?
University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering has an affiliation with what member of the Association of Indian Universities?
Were the films "Ten Who Dared" and "Tonka" distributed by the same company?
What city was the band who "Evie" formed in?
Joe Walker played for which team that ends their regular season with the Civil War rivalry game?
Was Artie Ziff a good prom date for Marge?
When was the former IBF World title holder born? 
Who did Neleus of Scepsis study under in addition to Theophrastus in the Peripatetic school?
What title did the actor who worked with Sivaji Ganesan in a 1970 drama film other than actor?
Ralph Hefferline was a psychology professor at a university that is located in what city?
MadMaze was developed by Eric Goldberg as what type of game? 
What is another name, in Swedish, for a seductive forest creature found in Scandinavian folklore?
What American gangster, businessman, casino owner and philanthropist was the inspiration for Morris "Moe" Greene in "The Godfather"?
Where was the match held where Chicharito scored goals along with Antonio Valencia and Dimitar Berbatov?
What Chinese company helped develop the aircraft that preceded the Chengdu J-7?
Which utility holding company did Alfred A. Marcus work as a consultant?
What is the ratio of flow velocity past a boundary to the local speed of sound for a Saab JAS 39 Gripen?
The Bodie & Benton Railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in California, from the Mono Mills to a terminus in a ghost town located how many miles away from Lake Tahoe ?
Which mine first entered into production, Beaulieu Mine or Con Mine?
Which Muslim scholar was born first, Kamāl al-Dīn al-Fārisī or M. A. Muqtedar Khan?
Southeastern Illinois College offers an undergraduate academic degree considered to be greater level of education than what?
Which country is the firm that owns Babycham located?
Mehdi Hashemi was thought to be guilty of opposition to the Iranian regime's dealings during what President's administration?
Alexis Argüello mentored Román González, who became first boxer to do what?
In what year did Farda Amiga win a race at the Saratoga Race course?
Who co-starred alongside John Wayne in the 1951 World War II submarine film Operation Pacific?
Was Rudolf Schwarzkogler closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group, while Howard Zieff was an American television commercial director?
From what island has Chryseobacterium frigidum isolated?
What are the anchor stores for the shopping mall constructed by C.J. Segerstrom & Sons in California?  
What town in Piscataquis County, Maine, housed the smallest railroad in the United States in 1890?
What Swedish songwriter worked with Taylor Swift?
What East of Piccadilly star apperared in dozens of stage performances?
In what capacity did the author of the book,  An Inconvenient Truth,  serve in the United States government ? 
Are both Alabama Slammer and Yorsh non alcoholic drinks?
Thor Equities owns properties in Soho, which became known for what type of rental properties?
The second studio album by The D.O.C was named as a reference to Charles Manson's idea of a Beatles' song which was a product of McCartney's attempt to create what kind of sound?  
What author wrote a three book series of memoirs that are studied in school systems around the world?
Dean Mills Reservoir is on the slopes of the hill located in what town?
How many United States House of Representatives does Maine's congressional districts have?
who was born first Pierre Womé or Christian Poulsen ?
Are Tim Rice and Leslie Marmon Silko both lyricists?
Simon Walker released a historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper named what? 
Aside from the all-NBA third team member in 1995 who was also a three-time NBA All-Star and the NBA Sixth Man of the Year twice, which other two players were selected for the 1997 NBA All-Star Game from the Seattle SuperSonics?
Rostker v. Goldberg held that the practice of what way of filling armed forces vacancies was consitutional?
Repertoire of Plácido Domingo appeared in an opera written by whom which was based on a play by William Shakespeare?
What character did James Byron Dean play in his final lead role, which earned him his second Academy Award?
To whom does the term Pietro Colonna Galatino is sometimes referred to as the inventor of refer?
When did an IndyCar race driver drive a Formula 1 car designed by Peter McCool?
What was the MGM Grand Garden Arena in which Britney Spears recorded fourth video album originally known as?
Arundel Castle was damaged during a war between which two groups?
What was the career that Sidney Lumet and Albert Ward share in common?
Who was a grandson of Aurelia Plath and was a fisheries biologist?
What is the inhabitant of the city where  122nd SS-Standarte was formed in2014
Who is older, Thomas Friedman or English author David Lodge?
Which Avalanche happened first, Rigopiano avalanche or 1999 Galtür avalanche ?
What two singers who worked together on the song I Would Like to See You Again also performed as part of a country music group which was active between 1985 and 1995?
Which species is native to Asia, Corokia or Rhodotypos?
Who made a hip-hop album with guest appearances from Justice, Lotek and Necro and also wrote semi-autobiographical crime books?
Who fills in occasionally for the meteorologist who replaced  Ginger Zee ?
When was the son of Kingsley Amis born ?
Where are the 17th Street Canal and the Beaver and Erie Canal located? 
Who has won more literary awards, Annie Dillard or Gabriel García Márquez?
What river does Waterloo Bridge and London Eye have in common?
What character did Selina Giles play in the 2005 dystopian political thriller named "V for Vendetta"?
which coach did the longest tenured active coach n both the NBA and all US major sports leagues replaced in 1996?
Alexander Kerensky was defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the course of a civil war that ended when ?
What is the primary duty of the Austrian Pinscher and the Maremma Sheepdog?
The 2008 American romantic drama film directed by David Fincher won what directing award?
What organization is known for having a president who was convicted of felony charges that was harbored by his brother, another high ranking member?
Nekeshia Shiondrail Henderson is an American former professional basketball guard who played college basketball for The Texas Longhorns women's basketball team, representing what school?
Is Gasherbrum II or Nuptse closest to the tallest mountain in the world?
The Extreme Centre: A Warning was a book by the activist who studied at which college?
What German medium tank, sometimes called the "Mark V", that was deployed on the Eastern and Western fronts from mid-1943 provided the armor and suspension for the chassis of the tank destroyer built by Nazi Germany during World War II?
Is The Moon-Spinners and Oceans both documentaries?
What role did Thomas Doherty play in sitcom based on the Israeli series "North Star"?
Who was born first, Nellee Hooper or Baz Luhrmann?
What award was won by Niels Henrik David Bohr, a Danish physicist who established the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics?
Bob Edwards was the host of what show, that later was hosted by Renee Montagne?
What major truck road is located in Backford Cross?
Were Will Durant and Margaret Mitchell both philosophical writers?
What retailer did Albert Heijn start up that eventually merged with the Delhaize Group?
Where was the Super Bowl, that Alan Faneca won, played ?
Both the Pulandian District and Hailar District are located within which country?
What was the release date and price for the release of Mac OS X that has the software for creating WWF files?
Which club, founded in 1928, did Bob Johnson played for 
The hip hop group Strange Fruit Project relates its name to what song by a famous female jazz musician and singer known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills?
Which dog breed, the Schapendoes or the Bull Terrier, has its origins in a greater number of other dog breeds?
The actress known for her role in "Lost in Translation" also appears in Untitled Avenger film with which male actor who plays the character Thor?
Who wrote the TV serial in which Rosemary Martin played Marjorie ?
Where are the main administrative offices of the institute located where K. S. Babu earned his PhD in 1986?
The man, who the award in which "Summer of the Monkeys" won, was a spokesman for white sector of America?
What was the author of Freeway Warrior's original occupation?
How far from Buenos Aires is the birthplace of Ezequiel Lazaro? 
What part did Dan Lewis play for Arsenal Football Club?
Who was the pivotal in the formation of schools catering for the primary and early secondary education of children in remote and outback Australia?
How many degrees and minutes south of the equator are the bone fragments of the extinct Ascension night heron found?
One of the actors from the web series Red Bird is also known for what character in the popular television show Seinfeld?
Do the University of Florida and University of Texas System combine to have both a 2000 acre campus and over 216,000 students?
Which space mission did the man, in which the Onizuka Prop Wash Award is named after, perish?
"Knock" is an example of fiction by Frederic Brown that has how many words?
Japanese destroyer Oite participated in what conflict that ended with the surrender of the American forces to the Empire of Japan?
Where were the brothers from that manufactured the balloon in which François Laurent d'Arlandes andJean-François Pilâtre de Rozier made the first manned free balloon flight? 
In addition to the individual born on August 21, who else wrote He's The Great Imposter?
Albanians in Montenegro which make up 4.91 of the county's total population could be members of the Albanian Coalation Perspect which is a what? 
Moss Side railway station is on Blackpool South railway station which is how far from Waterloo Road tram stop?
Are Maro Ajemian and Patricia Field both pianists?
The Stone Book series is set in what country? 
Dance and Laugh Amongst the Rotten is a studio Album by a band from which country ?
Jun Ji-hyun rose to fame after her as a girl in a film that's title means what?
Is Driss Lachgar's birthplace the largest or the second largest city in Morocco?
What position did the winner of the MVP in Pool C of the 2017 WBC play?
The large subunit and small subunit that use two types of RNA are major components that make up what?
Wolf and Sheep was screened at which 2016 film festival?
in the 2004 Hockey film produced by a former major league baseball pitcher who played the USA coach?
Oscar is what type of animal with black fur that may be a mixed or specific breed?
What professional do both Marc Bolan and Ian MacKaye share?
Which town was home to a forward for the Western New York Flash? 
Juhi Parmar who appears in colors TV's high rated mythological show shani which premiered on November 7 2013 was born when?
What play was written by Evgeny Schwartz and directed by Benno Besson?
What portrait hangs in the Smithsonian Institute along with what is known as the founder of nursing?
What is the name of the movie that stars Katrina Bowden and was directed by Sean Anders?
What was the profession of the one who wrote a song on a 2005 album he collaborated on with Marc Predka?
Who did President Franklin Roosevelt appoint that was responsible to transmit votes of the Electoral College to Congress?
What is the inspirational source behind the name of this studio album by the British rock band Queen released by EMI Records that was included in the The Crown Jewels? 
J.B. Scotts located on this 11 mile stretch in Albany New York and is also known by this name in Schenectady County?
when did they start the award which  Russell get for his  "Little Green Apples" 
Jim Sharman and Ava DuVernay both share what title concerning their actions leading actors in film or stage?
When was the cast member in the title role "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" and her staff at Vanderpump's West Hollywood, California, restaurant SUR born?
What is a popular industry in the neighborhood of Willow Vale, New South Wales?
Which  American politician and lawyer contested in San Francisco mayoral election, 2003
What type of games are both Sector 41 and Enchanted Forest?
Which St. Louis Rams season was the final full season played by the 2008 winner of the Heisman Trophy?
How many times have the team that won the 11th DFB-Pokal won the national championship ?
This Experts Network sports analysts was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000 and played in the NFL for how many seasons?
Which super bowl that took place at the Miami Dolphins home stadium, featured the San Francisco 49ers defeating the San Diego Chargers?
Are Bitter Jester and The Future of Food both documentaries about food?
Are Sutera and Rhodotypos both types of shrub?
What musical duo used samples from the first presenter of "Tomorrow's World" in their album Lost and Safe?
What other occupation did the "Law West of the Pecos" have?
Hardley Flood is an area of lagoons that support populations of the waterfowl that are a medium sized version of what animal?
What was the name of the alum by the Scorpions that contained one of their most famous songs written by Klaus Meine and Herman Rarebell?
Who was one of the star in the South Korean horror romantic comedy film of Hwang In-ho?
How much longer after Sambou Yatabaré was born did Werder Bremen get founded in the northwest German federal state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen?
Willi Forst and Brian Robbins are both what?
What type of diary did one of the founders of the John Bishop Memorial Hospital in Srinagar write?
Jim Price appeared on the Rolling Stones Album released in what month?
Who played the female lead in a 2007 Indian Telugu film that was an unofficial copy of a remake of Lina Wertmuller's 1974 film?
Which university is located more east, Indiana University or University of Pennsylvania?
Gloria S. Butler can find her constuancy in what directional sections of DeKalb County, Georgia?
What "Splitting Image" voice artist provided testimony in Evidently... John Cooper Clarke?
Gaia is a space observatory of the European Space Agency, what is Astrosat?
When was the improvisational troupe, which trained Amy Sedaris, Paul Dinello, and Stephen Colber, founded?
Who is the British explorer and holder of several endurance records who partnered with Mike Stroud on polar expiditions?
Human Shadow Etched in Stone is an exhibition to showcase which bombing that killed 129,000 people in 1945?
For what type of work is the production company for The Year Without a Santa Claus best known?
Ralf Popken had a role in a musical that is a satire on corruption in the administration of criminal justice, bringing what concept to light?
In what county is the community, to which the character Everett Turner is travelling to in the book "Away West", located?
In addition to Jennifer Tilly, Brian Backer, Sally Kellerman, Nedra Volz, Clara Peller, Wendie Jo Sperber and the actor born on June 22 1958 in Wilmette, Illinois, who else starred in Moving Violations?
What was the profession of Cate Shortland and Sidney Franklin?
Which movie came out first Muppet Treasure Island or Million Dollar Arm ?
The actor of Professor Sprout in "Harry Potter" acted as a mother in a sitcom. In that sitcom, what was the daughter's name?
Cooperative Living Organization is located in a city that is the county seat of what county in Florida?
Which was published more frequently, Popular Science or Girlfriends?
What was both John Cheever and Laura Ingalls Wilder occupations?
Where was the capital of the Arab country, in which the Aulacodes peribocalis moth is found, relocated to?  
How many member universities are there in this conference of which the Connecticut Huskies baseball team is a competing member?
At what stadium did Mychal George Thompson play home games with the San Antonio Spurs?
Lex Antonia nullified the dictatorial laws set up by which Roman general?
The town of Sinclair, West Virginia, is named after the founder of the local oil drilling company. What is on Sinclair Oil's famous logo?
The English actor Kris Marshall played which character in the highly rated comedy-drama television series "Death in Paradise"?
Which airport is used for both public and military, Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport or Louisville International Airport?
Which is a type of herb, Brassia or Achimenes?
Keanu is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Peter Atencio and written by who?
What religion was the martyr to whom the Lady of the Valey statue is dedicated?
Singer Eddie Fisher, who produced the album "I'm in the Mood for Love" in 1952, later had a scandalous affair with what actress?
What was the breakthrough role of the actor starring in Good Boy! and was a native of Atlanta?
What king took away John Erskine, Earl of Mar's office?
What stone cube, meaning "stumbling stone", was designed by an American public affairs campaigner?
Along side Thomas Alan, which singer's first three albums were recorded at The Boarding House?
What type of development, currently existing in Pasay, is currently being considered for malls such as one in M.A. Roxas Avenue in Clark Freeport, Angeles City in Pampanga Philippines?
Pawnography, featuring Richard Corey Harrison, is filmed in what shop and town?
Which film stars more animals, The Jungle Book or The Lone Ranger?
In 2014, the Co-operative Bank planned to launch a train service in Wiltshire called Go-op. Where is the bank headquartered
Did the the Battle of Stones River occur before the Battle of Saipan?
Which film was released first, The Watercolor or Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life?
Who beat the Missouri Tigers in what is alternatively known as the Border Showdown?
What is one risk to Norway's financial reserve?
Which American actor portray Steve Urkel in "Family Matters"
Victor Varnada directed Twisted Fortune, which starred which brother of Eddie Murphy?
Which Dutch footballer is featured on the song Wij zijn Ajax by Ajax and Friends?
On May 25, 2017 Greg Gianforte won the special election following the resignation of a politican that current holds what position?
The role of "Celene" in the film "Walk All over Me" was played by an actress that voices what role in the "Starcraft 2" triolgy?
The Detroit mayoral elections of 2009 took place to fill the vacancy created by a politician who was sentenced to what?
Ellie Goulding worked with what other writers on her third studio album, Delirium?
What was the rank of the leader of the army defeated by West Saxon forces?
What's the common ingredient to a Gimlet and Pink Gin?
San Marco and Medina are both what type of game?
What nationality was the Jaguar R2 driver, Eddie Irvine?
What was triggered by the resignation of Conservative MP Stephen Phillips on 4 November 2016 and was when Caroline Johnson became a Member of Parliament?
Which private Catholic liberal arts college in Standish did  Don Ashley Turlington graduated from 
Gérald Genta, a Swiss jewelllery designer, worked with what luxury Swiss watch manufacturer which was founded by American Watch,aker Florentine Ariosts Jones?
When did the event that led Marissa Kurtimah to flee her country of birth begin? 
What contest did Drew Barry's younger brother win in 1996?
when did the black Angolan was one of the earliest African-American landowners in what would become the United States.acieved his freedom 
Allison Gross is a character in a story which applies what writing technique that introduces characters in threes? 
The Genesis Flood is a book by John C. Whitcomb and what founder of the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research?
What is one of the most successful retro-clones that is no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast?
How many consecutive years had the Serie A been comprised of 18 teams when Hernan Crespo got injured?
Who was the writer of These Boots Are Made for Walkin' and who died in 2007?
Are the Prince of Wales and Flaming beverage both non-alcoholic drinks?
Which is headquarter farther south, Jet's Pizza or Chuck E. Cheese's?
Where did the hijacked plane rammed by Heather Penney crash? 
How long was the career of the actor in The Skull?
Who wrote lyrics for both "Little Shop of Horrors" and the song "Be Our Guest?" 
Ghostkeeper's plot is inspired by a legend that lends its name to what type of medical condition?
In the animal kingdom what type of sexuality is described as sexual behavior toward both male and females?
In what european city is a location of the college from which the woman known as Comic Book Girl 19 received her degree?
What was the name of Kalyanji Virji Shah's brother who won the Filmfare Award for Best Music Director?
How many women in total competed at the Asian Games the year Lee Young-Sun achieved her personal best throw of 58.87 metres?
Who was born first, Jorge Amado or James Leo Herlihy?
Disturbia is a 2007 movie that stars what American actor who starred in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens?
What did the screewriter for a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve get a Goya Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 27th Goya Awards for? 
What is the net worth of the founder of Intel Corporation as of 2016?
Who sponsors the award Alex Rodriguez won two of?
Manchester, New Hampshire is a part of the Northeast megalopolis which included what other major cities?
The USS Daedalus was named after an exiled Athenian representative of artists from which culture?
Which magazine is older, Gallery or Dime Magazine?
Which brother of John F. Kennedy had a memoir released September 14, 2009?
Which episode of SpongeBob SquarePants aired first, The Clash of Triton or To SquarePants or Not to SquarePants?"
Which Prince of Bismarcks EMS dispatch incited France to declare the Franco-Prussian War in July 1870
How far is Sadie Macdonald's home town from Sydney?
What is the origin of the name of the neighbourhood in which the building at 359 Broadway is located ?
In whose government did the original owner of Heythrop Park come to prominence?  
Evil controllers was featured on Game informer who was published by which monthly video magazine corporation?
Additi Gupta is known for negative roles in the drama series that broadcasts on what country's Star Plus network?
Who was born first, Martin Degville or Richie Furay?
Where is the home of the common party princess voiced by Idina Menzel?
What is the main flavor of both soft drinks, Solo from Norway, and Sunkist?
What kind of music did Firework's artist make before getting into pop?
 What term was used in the North-West Derby  to disparge their rivals?
Thomas Henry Moray Followed work down on nuclear batteries in 1912 by this English physicist?
Which magazine was founded first, Allure or Genre?
What Olympic medal did the opponent of Crawford Ashley for the World Boxing Association (WBA) World super middleweight title win in 1984?
Philip Carlo, the author of the biography of the mob assasin Richard Kuklinsk, died of which diease?i, 
 Robert Lewis "Bob" Pruett coached many high-profile National Football League players, including a wide reciver that holds what 2007 NFL record?
Which canal is located farther east, Champlain Canal or Warren County Canal?
What Australian beer is a British style pale ale whose label features a character conceived in 1926? 
When was the star of the 1982 remake of The Spider's Web appointed to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE)?
 La Yesca Dam was inaugurated by which Mexican politiician and President of the country from 2006-2012?
Sachin H. Jain served as Chief Medical Information and Innovation Officer for one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world called what?
Who is known for composing  American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score and many other film scores?
Who was born in Ireland and has coached the captain of MLS club Colorado Rapids?
The On Tour Forever album gave Blues Traveler the opportunity to display what musical trademark?
Which has a higher population, Qinzhou or Jingjiang? 
What three other National forests are administered by the same people who administer the park in which the Art Loeb trail runs through?
Suzanne Simone Baptiste Louverture is the wife of the leader of which revolution?
How many seasons has a popular tv show had, in which one of the episodes is called Moho House?
Bank street is sandwiched between the headquarters of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation and which other building?
When was Aimee Carrero's depiction of Angie first aired?
The 2000 British film Snatch was later adapted into a television series for what streaming service?
Sarah Price and Rob Schneider are both what profession? 
Did the playwrights Eugène Ionesco and Paul Scott live during the same time period?
The Florida Atlantic Owls team represents a school classified by the Carnegie Foundation as what?
Buck Rogers XXVC is a published campaign setting or a homebrew campaign setting?
The 1966–67 NHL season ended with a win in the Stanley Cup by the team from which division of the Eastern Conference?
How many Academy Awards did the film, in which Jimmy Bryant provided the singing voice for the character Tony, win ?
At which university did the notable psychoanalyst associated with the University of Chicago serve most of his career as a professor of psychiatry?
In the "Star Trek" franchise, DeForest Kelley portrayed a character aboard which starship? 
How many books are in the text composed by the founder Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy and is used in the development of Indian logic?
What building is opposite the ceremonial meeting place of the Accession Council in the United Kingdom?
Do both Michael Herz, and Roland Emmerich direct comedic horror films?
The chairman of Westfield Corporation has a son who holds a Bachelor's degree in what?
Said Fazal Akbar was appointed Governor by the President of Afghanistan that served until what day?
In between Thomas Anders and Micky Dolenz, who was the a vocalist of the Monkees?
Thomas Maclellan of Bombie was Provost of what town, as well as constructing MacLellan's Castle in the center of that town?
What was the name of the first soundtrack album made by the woman who is referred to as the Queen of Pop?
Who does the previous Vice President of Production at the animation studio that is owned and operated by Viacom, currently work for?
Hey Ya is a song performed on The Ed Sullivan Show on CBS by which hip hop artist in 2003?
How many years after Madrugada's final concert did Sunday Driver become popular?
What Dances with the Wolves star had a role in Powwow Highway?
Thomas Tull produced the comedy movie The Hangover, which was based in which city?
What actor from Northern Ireland born in 1983 starred in Whole Lotta Sole?
When was the novel published  in 2010 which is part of the series of The Maze Runner?
What edible, juicy fruit is grown on a deciduous tree called 'pesco' in Italian?
Are both The Straight Story and Frozen films of the same genre?
Which writer was from England, Henry Roth or Robert Erskine Childers?
In which professional wrestling promotion did Randy Savage perform, after he left the World Wrestling Federation?
Of what county is the city 7 miles east of Trace State Park the seat?
The M1919 and the M1 was used by what military?
Which artist is known for his work on Marvel Team-Up and Batman: Son of the Demon?
What does Age of Chance and Vector share in common? 
The director of a film about Wong Fei-hung also made what film? 
Which animal races annually for a national title as part of a post-season NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football game?\
Mikael Åkerfeldt and Lee Ranaldo were this kind of instrumentalist in their respective bands. 
What type of vehicle is the Blue Bird Wanderlodge which was manufactured in Georgia by the Blue Bird Corporation?
Was either Craig Melville or Grover Jones born in Indiana?
In "Bon Cop, Bad Cop", Canadian actor Rick Howland played the role of Harry Buttman (a parody of Gary Beltman), who is the current commissioner of what National sports league? 
What did Felix Salten originally title his most famous work?
In what town is the office organization solutions company whose Canadian arm is Oxford headquartered?
How many Major League Baseball teams usually attend the meeting where the John H. Johnson President's Award is awarded?
which university was founded first Duke University or Tufts University?
Between Mike Muir and Paul Di'Anno, who has worked with more bands?
What is the birthdate of this English actor best known for playing in Harry Potter and starring in The Woman in Black?
During what race leading up to the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix was Roland Ratzenberger killed?
Beer Wars covers the differences between large corporate breweries, and small breweries, such as what brewery that is headquartered in Escondido, california?
What season did a Spanish rally driver won the 2000 World Rally Championship?
What movies has Juno Temple starred in?
Which has more species, Sonerila or Scaevola?
Which city in the Baltimore metropolitan area includes a lake and surrounding park?
What is the name of a Sri Lankan political party associated with the aim of developing a national identity based on shared characteristics and preserving the nation's culture?
Which European based oil giant bought the commodities trading arm of J.P. Morgan in 2014?
In the NASA mission where Moon trees were taken into space, what was the nickname of the Command Module?
The Lang Labor Party was the group that aligned with the policies of the government that followed what system?
Which show co-hosted by Hoda Kotb was produced by Brian Balthazar?
Name any class of vertebrates within the class of Mammalia that has atleast 2 types of sensors?
Dawn Lake described the star of "I Love Lucy" as what?
Who is the father of the king who attempted to have Eardwulf assassinated
Mike Huckabee took part in the most recent Republican Presidential primaries, which began on what 2016 date?
RL-83 Blindicide was an improved derivative of a wea[on launcher widely fielded by which army ?
Which of the three worst hotel fires in modern US History occurred most recently?
What university did the winner of the 2014 CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award attend?
What is the pioneer who has a park dedicated to him near Lexington, North Carolina famous for?
In what English district is the town Digby, Victoria may be named after?
what species of plants are Chamelaucium and Vanilla derived from?
What genre was the film that Chun Woo-hee acted in 2016?
What was Iqbal F. Qadir on when he participated in an attack on a radar station located on western shore of the Okhamandal Peninsula?
What is the English translation of the social group which Baran Khan Kudezai was a part of?
What award won by only twelve people has a man who Ted Kooshian has performed with won?
LJM was one of what type of company Andrew Fastow used in the Enron scandal? 
Tommy Faile sang the song "the legend of Brown Moutain Lights", about a series of ghost lights that can be seen from which viewpoint outside Linville Falls?
Which iPhone was the first to be completely developed by the Chief Executive Officer of Apple who was born in 1960?
Which part of Handel's Messiah covers the birth of a child who, according to the gospels of Luke and Matthew, was born in Bethlehem?
Janne Kyttanen has had work exhibited at which modern art museum in Amsterdam?
Roy Shepherd was considered a faculty member of what combination of colleges/universities?
What is the real name of the clock one can see on a clear day from Denmark Hill?
Saturn AL-31 is an engine that powers the aircraft produced in what country?
Where is the English punk rock band which Howard Devoto is the original singer of formed
Which was released later, The Strongest Man in the World, or Roving Mars?
In which sport does both Virginia Ruzici and Andy Murray participate?
Before going to the London School of Theology, John Burges spent six years working for a company headquartered in what country?
Which ground force of the Austro-Hungarian Dual Monarchy did Jan Romer joined 
The 2013 Oregon Ducks football team was led by which former American football coach who is currently a college football analyst for Fox Sports?
Droga5 has done advertising for an American fashion designer who is the founder of what besides Ecko Unlimited?
What sort of dog did the same man who cared for the living gift that Martin Bormann gave Hitler have?
The Luther seal was designed for the professor of theology of what nationalty at the behest of John Frederick of Saxony?
Are both Ride a Wild Pony and Frozen 2 computer-animated films?
Are both Barry Unsworth and P. G. Wodehouse from the same country?
Which city is under Jining, Kaiyuan, Liaoning or Yanzhou District?
Is the Virgilia found in Africa? And is Koeleria found all over?
Opel once owned and manufactured the brand known under one shared name in New Zealand and Australia, and that brand is now a subsidiary of what company?
Which film industry would have films in which Ilya Khrzhanovsky would be the director?
Shirley Breeden won her first Senate term in a narrow upset over the politician who was a member of what branch of the armed forces?
Nicolau Colaco played as a defender in the men's professional league sponsored by which company?
Who portrays Rachel Zane on the American legal comedy-drama that airs on USA Network?
What was the companion piece that Poe's brother published?
What is another name for basidiomycete fungus?
 The Astor Bridge carries State Road 40 over a river that his how long?
What is the largest non-capital city in Queensland, Australia that includes a suburb named after Helena White? 
Were Paul Éluard and Georges Bataille from the same country?
What is the name of the Kegeyli District in the Turkic language spoken in Karakalpakstan?
Lorenzo Monaco was influenced by which Italian painter and architect?
The St. Louis Bay Bridge runs between Bay St. Louis and a city in what county?
What  profession did Mike Robbie's father practice?
Polk County Florida's second most populated city is home to which mall?
Which band was formed in a country closer to England, Kodaline or Rivermaya ?
What is the proper name for the steroid used by the retired British track sprinter who is one of the fastest European sprinters in the history of athletics?
Ladislav Matejka's Michigan Slavic Publications has published volumes by which historian considered to be the founder of morphophonology?
What is the first year that the second largest university in Alabama fielded a football team?
Who passed away first Robert Graves or Dino Buzzati ?
Who was born earlier, Garry Marshall or Leni Riefenstahl?
What occupation have Carly Gullickson and Francesca Schiavone both held?
Which number-one single is Michael Steele responsible for?
Both Truth in Science and Discovery embrace what campaign?
Everybody's Crazy was produced by Michael Bolton, what genre of music does Everybody's Crazy fit into?
which  Indian businessman and politician owns Mabula Game Reserve 
Was Atom Egoyans biggest commercial success on stage or on film?
How many minutes outside of Carson City is the Moonlite BunnyRanch on Moonlight Road?
Which author lived longer, Nelson Algren or Nathanael West?
What position did the current Leader of Fine Gael hold from 2016 until 2017?
What German is Arthur Wesley Wheen best known for translating?
Who else beside the  American university administrator and politician from the state of Oklahoma was part of the  Boren-McCurdy proposals?
Which is in the family Rutaceae, the Diplolaena or the Arenaria?
Both WAGS Atlanta and WAGS are what?
Who is a guest in the final two episodes of season eighteen of South Park?
Grammy winner for song of the year, also put out a 1971 album by the Carpenters, but what song did he win an Academy Award for Best Original Songs?
What mine was operated by Royal Oak Mines at at earlier date, Kemess Mine or Colomac Mine?
What award did Flossie Bailey receive that was named after the first female self-made millionaire in America?
Where were the Olympics held when the 1993 World Champion figure skater's home country won it's second Winter Games gold medal?
What league, which is also known as the Barclays Premier League, had its start date pushed back?
Which actor starred in both "The Best Years of Our Lives" in 1946 and "The Crowded Sky" in 1960?
The Austrian border barriers at facilities like South Tyrol was designed to designed to manage what?
Which band released more albums, Forest for the Trees or Jon Spencer Blues Explosion?
Which was developed first, Dick Smith Super-80 Computer or Pecom 32?
AnnoZero had a collaborator who is a member of which ancient aristocratic house?
What professions did S. Sylvan Simon and Danny Cannon have in common?
Who was the vizier of Ebla after one who had served king Ishar Damu for 17 years?
On what street would one find the "Journal Record Building" in Oklahoma?
Which battle occurred first, the Battle of Manila or the Battle of Guam?
The youngest male model ever to participate in Seoul Fashion Week stars with Park Hae-jin and Kang So-ra ina tv series that last aired on what date?
What does the unique calendar system in Japan, who the first Emperor of Japan created, emphasize?
Jonathan Groff was 30 years old when he appeared in a historical musical written by whom?
Which adpotive brothers were co-emperors of Rome during the Nerva-Antonine dynasty?
How is the namesake of The Mountbatten Institute related to Elizabeth II?
When was one of the teacher of Nikolai Lugansky died who was a Russian Soviet pianist, composer?
Which player for the Chicago American Gears held the record which George Harry Yardley III broke 
Jamil Walker was born in a city with how many residents ?
Whitford Lodge once held a branch of the bank that later became which national bank?
From what county is Steven Avery, wrongfully convicted man on which the documentary Making a Murderer is based? 
Which of these battles occurred earlier--the Battle of Peleliu or the Battle of Belleau Wood?
What is the name of the executive producer of the film that has a score composed by Jerry Goldsmith?
What is it called when a piece of media is altered from its original state like when Bubba Sparxxx was featured in the song Oops?
What man is linked to both Johnny Tremain and Magic Kingdom?
Who is the American actress that stars in the movie "Innocesnce" and is best known for her role as Alexandra Cabot in a long-running NBC series?
Which bi-annual British style magazine did  Tim Walker  regularly shoots for
The "unofficial national anthem" of Australia is the basis for the nickname of what soccer team?
The author of the "The Dagger and the Coin" fantasy series was nominated for what award in 2017?
What North Carolina native did Danja produce songs for?
The transnational lottery Les Scadding won in 2009 held it's first draw on what date?
How many Grammy awards were won by an album named after the Joni Mitchell song from Love Actually?
This singer of A Rather Blustery Day also voiced what hedgehog?
Who was the producer of the 1994 American animated epic musical film which Mel Shaw animated?
The General Survey Act was passed shortly after the Supreme Court decision that discussed what concept?
Which actress played a character that dated Mark Brendanawicz?
Which university Founded as a college in 1881 is Janet Beer the Vice-Chancellor of
What is a difference between Sly Stone and Mary Ramsey?
After coaching the red raiders to several winning seasons, where does Mike Leach currently coach at?
What is the name of the pop artist that belongs on the Pledis Entertainment label and has 13 members?
Which indigenous people of the Ryukyu Islands were massacred in the Mudan incident of 1871?
Jimmy D'Arcy played in Northern Ireland for the team based in what county?
National Firearms Agreement was in response to the Port Arthur massacre that killed how many people?
The rifle cartridge created by the Swedish was also shared by which other nation?
The telenova "El Ardiente Secreto" was based ona novel published under what pen name?
What year was George Harrison's top UK charted song voted the nations 11th favorite 1980s number?
Which member of the boy group Shinee released their first studio album "She is"?
What was the concept of the business Eric S .Pistorius worked for after being an attorney?
What facility is shared by RAAF Base Williamtown and Newcastle Airport in New South Wales?
Who wrote and directed the American film, Elephant?
Where is the international airport which Eagle Aviation wet lease operations were based in located 
The screenplay for Alain Resnais' second film is who?
what season of shark tank did Roominate get invsetments
Grimsby Minster is located in which English Province?
Who served as the head coach for the Grizzlies in the 2004-05 season and as head coach for the Brooklyn Nets?
Brandy was handpicked by a producer that herself had been recognized by the "Guinness World Records" for what?
The Motion Picture Soundtrack The Woman in Red featured this American Singer who became a United Nations Ambassador for what organization?
Who won the 1981 CART PPG Indy Car World Series in Avondale Arizona?
How many kilometers did Sabrina Mockenhaupt run when she set her best record?
Phillip Pullman's book set in a parallel universe featuring a character named Lyra Belacqua was put into audio in what year?
 I Am... Yours was the first residency show by Beyonce held at what hotel in Las Vegas connected to Wynn 
Who was one of the first religious sceptics’ best disciple?
What format does a 1170 kHz AM station that Jim Angel presented the news for have?
When was the advisor of Alpher–Bethe–Gamow paper died?
The Kahn Trussed Bar for beams and columns was invented by a man raised in what US city?
Which is the busiest airport in the United Kingdom outside of London?
"I Do" the song by Filipino singer Nina and described to be Mariah Carey-like was on which album?
What was the arena, in which the 2017 Brit Awards were held, called during the 2012 Olympics ?
Vestfold and Telemark each border what other Norwegian county?
Who currently has more store locations? Bearno's or Patxi's Chicago Pizza?
Which pistol was replaced by a pistol manufactured by Spreewerk?
The mother of  Megan Phelps-Roper is best known as the former spokesperson of a church located in what city?
Vasily Agapkin's most well-known march was written in honor of what event?
Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush both held which position in office?
Which singer is younger, Kenny Greene or Billy Idol?
What schools of thought are drawn from in the academic discipline of Hafiz Rashid Khan?
Who is the US Olympian and Christian evangelist did the 2010 non-fiction book by Laura Hillenbrand focus on?  
Which band formed first, Duran Duran or The Fratellis?
A Talk is an EP by which South Korean singer and dancer?
What year was Playford B Power Station permanently closed in by its Australian operator?
In what ecclesiastical province is Stephen Conway currently part of?
Where is the group of islands named after Purdue University's professor of forest ecology from 1947 to 1973?
What is the pen name of author Carolyn Janice Cherry, who wrote the Fortress Series?
What was held in 2011 at the same stadium where the seventeenth edition of the IAAF World Championships is scheduled to be held in 2019?
What software company developed Fade to black and it's 1992 Sequel, Flashback? 
Stacey Totman is the former head coach of the college golf team that competes in what conference?
What song was number 4 on the charts when a song from FutureSex/LoveSounds was number 1?
What football team did Mario Gomez and Javi Martinez both play for?
Bobby Bowden coached which former Toronto Blue Jays minor league baseball player?
In the muti-sport games usually held every four years between nations around the Mediterranean Sea, Fatma Lanouar is best known for winning gold in which event?
Which canal was built between 1836 and 1847, Washington City Canal or Whitewater Canal?
In the Cherokee Rose episode of "The Walking Dead," the character that continues to search for Sophia Peletier is portrayed by an actor who is also famous for his work in what company's advertisements?
Who made the If/Then musical which has a theatrical score by a man who won the Tony Award and 2008 Outer Critics Circle Award?
The 2009 Fort Hood mass shooting was committed by who?
Oak Beach, New York and Great South Bay are both situated between what same island?
Were Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood of the same nationality?
Are both Stacey McClean and Biff Byford American singer?
What movie genre did Emmanuelle Vaugier play a supporting role in?
Where was the NBA Draft held in which Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the draft with the seventh overall pick?
How long is the river The Atherton Bridge spans?
Which community did Otto Gross join which includes the popular destination Monte Verita?
What division are the 2013 Valdosta State Blazers football team and the Gulf South Conference a part of? 
Besides the song "OK Computer" what did the same band record in 1995?
What is the birthday of this Anglo-Irish actress, courtean, and mistress, who was the mother to the illegitimate daughter of King William IV?
Which guitarist that played on the LP Street Survivors and was a member of an American Southern Rock band from May 1976 until his death Oct 1977?
Which partner of Jash was born in 1970?
In what directional area of Argentia would one find the Rio Hondo Department?
Are both Dodgy and Massive Attack based in the same country?
Love Child is a 1982 biopic starring Beau Bridges, Mackenzie Phillips, and an actress that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for what 1985 film? 
Stamford Baron St Martin was a parish that has a church south of what river?
What award has both Nicole Kidman and Tom Cuise been given?
What heritage site, known for a British explorer, is listed Seventeen Seventy Australia?
What video game character did the voice actress in the animated film Alpha and Omega voice?
Who was born first, Umar Israilov or Ramzan Kadyrov?
What is both Grimaldi's Pizzeria and Papa Gino's primary menu item?
Hayden is a singer-songwriter from Canada, but where does Buck-Tick hail from?
Which  Australian singer-songwriter wrote  Cold Hard Bitch
Are both Deerhunter and Nine Lashes American Christian rock bands?
 Both Vitas Gerulaitis and Heather Watson play what sport?
Kevin Wayne Durant was named what ?(An Award initiated following 1952-53 NBA Season?
About whose assassination is the French novel HHhH based?
Who did the 39th Vice President of the United States serve under?
Which composer was born later, Gaetano Donizetti or William Walton?
What is the are of the university at which Dick Biddle served as head football coach?
In what part of Scotland is Bass Rock located?
Ckm wz. 25 Hotchkiss was a Polish derivative of what machine gun that became the standard machine gun of the French Army during World War I?
What type of coat coloration do Colorpoint Shorthairs and Siamese share?
Ithihasa and the Indian music composer of  "Chronic Bachelor", "Udayananu Tharam", "Naran", "Puthiya Mukham," "Urumi", "Grandmaster" and "Bhaskar the Rascal" are known in what type of films/cinema?
An NFL Color Rush uniform and a Third Jersey are both considered what type of uniform in the NFL?
Which system of mountains in eastern North America is Hamburg Mountains a range region of
In what month was the relief first officer of the flight that crashed on its way to Cairo with a stop in New York Born?
The Adoption and Safe Families Act and the Adoption 2002 Initiative were both instituted under which administration?
Are Ranger Rick and Tennis both sports magazines?
Are Eryngium and Arnebia in the same kingdom of life forms?
who was part of the heavy metal band Ratt, Stephen Pearcy or Alexander O'Neal?
in what year did the Israeli presidential elections take place after the resignation of the seventh president of Israel?
What is another movie the director of Marvel Cinematic Universe's fifteenth film is known for?
What is the main difference between the game Plateau and the game Colt Express?
What is the name of the one of the hosts of the Race for the Pennant sports show who is a retired american baseball pitcher?
In what New York town did Glenn Martin Hughes attend high school?
Though Nursultan Nazarbayev was elected through the democratic system of “rule of the majority”, citizens though what of his election?
When was the composer who created Peter Schmoll und seine Nachbarn born?
In what year did the Danish plant ecologist who assisted a Danish chemist, famous for the introduction of the concept of pH die?
Patrick Kennedy is known for his collections of Irish  folktales from a province situated in which part of Ireland ?
The rock band Sugar Ray began as a funk metal band, while the band Das Damen was considered what?
What genre did the writer whose novel was based on "I'll Take Manhattan" writes?
The German who is credited with inventing the V-2 rocket and Saturn V was also a supervisor of what NASA program?
Q:The 7.92×57mm Mauser rifle cartridge was used by which country's military in the 20th century?
Which breed of dog was first recognized by their country's official kennel club, the American Hairless Terrier or the Saint-Usuge Spaniel? 
Which ocean would the ingredients likely come from for the She-crab soup?
What position does the First Vice Captain of Juventus play?
What casino in Las Vegas which is now operated by MGM Resorts International was developed by William G. Bennett?
New Hampshire Route 118 runs through a region whose norther boundary begins at which town?
George Tawengwa was the first black person to buy a farm located in a country now known as which country ?
What number largest commercial airline in the United States is Hana Hou! published for?
Aughton Park railway station is on a branch of the Northern Line how far from Liverpool?
Wiener Werkstätte Style was part of the movement that took place during what eras?
From March 631 to April 631, Farrukhzad Khosrau V was the king of an empire that succeeded which empire?
Pravda and Stiffelio are both operas?
 Afonwen is situated just under four miles from what road also known as the North Wales Expressway
Which English actor, comedian and singer is featured in Chalk and Cheese?
Which occupations did Ralph Smart and Trey Parker have in common?
The player also known as  "O Fenômeno" is responsible for popularized a soccer move first reported to be used by what player?
"When a Woman Loves" is the first single by singer R. Kelly from his eleventh studio album named what?
What bird of prey can be found around Brackendale?
When was the folk dance style Johannes Brahms' Liebeslieder Waltzes were written for most popular?
Which NCAA record does the quarterback of the Minnesota Vikings hold?
What was Mary Edna González sexuality? 
Which PGA championship did Mark Brooks win?
Menindee Lakes are located near a town located on the banks of which river ?
What was the middle name of the pilot who was portrayed by Levon Helm in the film The Right Stuff ?
Which genus has more species, Mahonia or Diplazium?
The fourth episode The Simpsons' seventh season has what kind of theme?
What was the 58th quadrennial American presidential election held after the 2016 Michigan Democratic primary?
What ended the career of the German composer of Bunte Blatter?
Who is the grandfather to Frederick II and was the Holy Roman Emperor until death?
Who animated the TV anime adaptation of Dies irae?
What genre does Orkworld and John Wick have in common?
Who captained the team popularly referred to as the Shaheens during the teams test match against the New Zealand national cricket team?
In what field did a Swiss physicist who had a geometrical representation named after him work in?
What American actor born in 1946 was in a 1996 martial arts film written, produced, and directed by Donald G. Jackson and is also the uncle of Charlie Sheen?
How many Indians were killed in the massacre that "kyáiyótokan" was a survivor of?
Are John Tardy and Stza from the same country?
Where was the world cup hosted that Algeria qualified for the first time into the round of 16?
Gene Sculatti write for CREEM sometime in the 60s or 70s, what famous term did CREEM coin for describing a genre of rock?
What kind of material forms the wrapping for the chocolate candies that Hershey Kissables were shaped like?
Are Glenn Bidmead and Jacob Hoggard both guitarist?
The Porsche 968 was the last in a line of front-engined sports cars following the 944 and which earlier model?
The Chinese actress also known as Crystal Liu stars in Night Peacock with which three other actresses?
How close to Louisville was Randal Malone born?
When did the man for whom St Vincents Hall, Grantham was built found his eponymous company?
In which event did Tyson Gay and Rodney Martin both represent the United States at the 2008 Beijing Olympics?
How much Argentina currency was involved in Boudougate?
Which of the teams for which Colin Kolles is the former team principal and managing director was sold and renamed Force India at the end of the 2007?
As an American producer of canned soups and related products based in Camden, New Jersey, what company handles the broth business of the Swanson brand?
What term is the current chairman of Prince William County serving?
What was the goal as a photographer of the man whose "Message from the Interior" was published by Eakins Press?
What type of boat was the German submarine U-505 that was captured by the U.S. Navy in 1944?
The founder of the Ali Akbar College of Music was known for his virtuosity in what musical instrument?
Fash Mosque is 4.5 km away from which mosque originally built by Muhammad?
Are Bangkok Girl and Home both horror movies?
Who produced the sequel to the anthology horror comedy film from 2012, which contained 26 different shorts?
What type of bank organization is Pondicherry Gramin Bank that it operates in different States of India?
What public service broadcaster with over 20,950 employees, aired the variety show Welsh Rarebit?
Both Mulled wine and Blue Lagoon are considered primarily alcoholic or non-alcoholic?
Who was born first Iain Pears or Richard Llewellyn ?
what caused the death of over 250 people in Accra, Ghana?
The Un-Americans contained which wrestler who also went by what TNA Wrestling name?
 Jason Regler, stated that he had the idea for the flashing wristbands during a song built around which instrument ?
The Government of Canada, which is the federal administration of Canada, is involved in what scandal in the province of Quebec?
"This Ole House" topped the UK chart in 1981 in a recording by a platinum-selling British rock and roll singer whose recording and performing career began when? 
A vehicle that uses hydrogen as its onboard fuel for motive power is cosidered which, Flex-fuel or Bi-fuel?
Which is longer, Hampshire and Hampden Canal or Tennessee–Tombigbee Waterway?
Which countries forces fought in The Battle of Hürtgen Forest which was covered in the shooter video game Darkest Hour: Europe '44-'45?
Which of these is a genus of flowering plants, Anemopaegma or Semele?
What kind of company is this group whose headquarters are in AIA Central? 
Which movie was released first, 'Mean Girls' or the remake of 'April Fool's Day'?
When was the sequel to the 2000 mystery by Dan Brown released?
The Battle of Cambrai took place during a series of offensives that ended on what date?
Who is younger Kirk Humphreys or Tom Coburn?
Why is Serena Williams more accomplished than Mariaan de Swardt in her tennis career?
What year was the independent regional brewery founded that currently operates in Hasting's oldest pub?
Are Lance King and Han Seung-yeon both heavy metal vocalists?
The English chef known for his back-to-basics philosphy has a sister named what?
Löwenbräu and Bürgerbräukeller are both located where?
Which NFL team did both Don Looney and DeSean Jackson play for?
Chuck Berry House was where the 1957 hit single that reached what ranking on the R&B singles chart was composed?
Arthur Saint-Léon was the "Maître de Ballet" of the ballet company now known as?
What film did the sound editor for a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man win two Academy Awards for?
Which founding member drew critical acclaim as a bass guitarist with melodic basslines  on Murmur?
Was Cars 2 released by the same company which used songs written by Lin-Manuel Miranda in another of its movies?
What is 3/4 of the budget of the agency who  placed ECT machines  in the Class III category coming from?
Which dog breed originates from a region farther east, the Lancashire Heeler or the Russian tracker?
What English nursery rhyme which dates from 1731 appears on Teletubbies say "Eh-oh!"?
What are the two categories of the non-electric version of the neighbourhood electric vehicle?
What song originally released by an American rock band active in the late 1960's and early 1970's did The Reels do a cover of in 1986?
What year did Roy Rogers and his third wife star in a film directed by Frank McDonald?
Who is is known domestically for his humorous videos and stage performances and released his sixth studio album in 2012?
What supernatural horror film did Miles Doleac have a role in?
The Lewis and Clark Memorial Column is dedicated to Meriwether Lewis, best known for his role as the leader of which Lewis and Clark Expedition?
In which region is the village after which lager Fucking Hell is named ?
Victor Koman's Ph.D.  in Information Technology was conferred by a university located in which city ?
Produce 101, which produced I.O.I, cost the company Mnet how much to produce?
What kind of film are  The Silent Historian and The Betrayal – Nerakhoon?
What city is the flying component of the United States Air Force 432d Wing stationed in
Before moving to Boston to play at the New England Patriots, in which city did Dean Caliguire play his college and NFL football?
Are both, Boise State University and Syracuse University, public colleges?
High Water is a song by Bob Dylan it was based on the 1927 Lousiana Flood. Another song recorded by Dylan about the event is When the Levee Breaks who is the Husband and Wife team that wrote and recorded this song in 1929 ?
In which division does this team, for which Kyle Skipworth played a catcher, compete?
Whataburger in Richardson Square is loacted in what city and state?
Pirates Plunge, at the Grace O'Malley-inspired Pirates Adventure Park in Westport, holds which notable record?
What kind of subgenre of a dark wave music, developed in 1980s in the UK, is using the musical duo from Melbourne, Australia?
What vehicle, made by UROVESA, is most like the four-wheel drive military light truck produced by AM General?
What award has the composer of "Shady Lady" received five times?
What is the first name of the woman who, like Tryphosa Bates-Batcheller, was criticised for being publicly tolerated as a singer due to her wealth, despite a lack of talent?
The languages Hussein Ali Mahfouz studied are spoken by how many people?
Which professional ice hockey position does the Captain of the National Hockey League All-Star Game "Away Team" play?
What was the first comic book written by the writer who had a series developed into a 2010 film with Bruce Willis and Morgan Freeman?
What comic book does Hershel Greene and Carl Grimes appear in as characters?
How many constituents does Greg Gianforte's district have?
What role on "Switched at Birth" was played by the actor who is being replaced by Daniel Hall on "The Young and the Restless"?
How far from Sacramento is the flight school in Atwater?
Who was Chamberlain and Colonel of the military staff of The Merrie Monarch?
The first edition of the Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set was written by a professor at what university?
What is the name of the largest shopping center in the City of Tea Tree Gully? 
What role did Kim Dong-wook play in the 2012 South Korean historical film directed by Kim Dae-seung?
Which Indian actress who earned filmfare award for Best female debut in "Refugee" acted in K3G movie?
susquehanna university and paul musser are both in what city?
What relation is Anakin Skywalker to Princess Leia?
What city does Paul Clyne and David Soares have in common?
In regards to the 2015 animation film based on The True Meaning of Smekday, who produced a song that was sung by a Barbadian?
What is the name of the third act in a play where a character named Carlo Gérard is partly based on a revolutionary figure?
SR connector is based on the connector that is often used for what type of cable?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Hrag Vartanian or Hovsep Pushman?
Were both Terence Fisher and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson British film directors?
What psychosis shares a name with an enemy fought by the protagonists in an animated show by Hasbro?
What citizen was the author of Bimbos of the Death Sun?
What city did the characters from Gargoyles the Movie: The Heroes Awaken wake up in after being in an enchantedly petrified state for a thousand years?
How many marchers were in the protest that Pelham D. Glassford ended? 
What team plays within the Big 12 Conference and has Kevin Bookout playing for them?
Gerd Neggo trained under the founder of which type of dance analysis?
Ken Pruitt  was a Republican member of an upper house of the legislature with how many members ?
Which American swimmer, coached by Ray Looze, won a bronze medal in the men's 100 meter breaststroke at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Was the band The Shins formed before the band Paramore?  
Which university has more schools, Ateneo de Davao University or University of Rochester?
What distinction is held by the former NBA player who was a member of the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season and was head coach for the WNBA team Charlotte Sting?
Who is younger, Pelle Almqvist or Steve Winwood?
Approximately how many locations is BJ's Wholesale Club operating in, as of early 2008?
Estrojam's Decibelle Music and Culture Festival has been headlined by which American singer-songwriter and model?
What location under Charing Cross railway station did G-A-Y move to?
Until when did this region exist as an organized incorporated territory of the United States, for which Samuel Thurston served as its first delegate?
Are Alek Keshishian and Kirk Kerkorian both Armenian-American?
What studio helped produce both Return to Never Land and McFarland, USA?
Owney was a stray terrier adopted as the first unofficial postal mascot by a post office that is roughly how many miles north of New York City?
What kind of person of authority does Governor of Sheerness and Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere have in common?
What college did the English conductor, organist and composer widely regarded as Britain's leading conductor of choral works teach at?
What Andy Williams' album did a song written by Charles Wesley appear on?
John T. Mather Memorial Hospital is located in a village in what Suffolk County, New York town?
Which KaBoom! Entertainment Inc. film is based on a story by Rudyard Kipling?
Cheek to cheek tour played shows at what place that is located on the Las Vegas strip that began their tour?
What two countries headquarter the clothing company that the photographer "Facehunter" contributed to?
The  Actaea genus is native to what continent that the Onoclea genus is not?
What distinction did Variety give in 2014 to one of the stars from the film Aztec Warrior?
Bordan Tkachuk was the CEO of a company that provides what sort of products?
Which feature does the G-shock watch have that is tested by a leakage test?
Radio shack made a line of computers in the 1980's which was marketed as the TRS-80 Color Computer or the Interact Home Computer?
What is the name of the basketball team that trained under assistant coach, Steven Michael Henson at the University of Oklahoma ?
Where is the animation studio that produced Mary and the Witch's Flower based in?
What was the birth name of the ex-slave abolitionist featured in the art installation The Dinner Party?
Folie à Deux is a studio album by the American rock band formed in which city?
What day in November is Southpark most congested?
Who was the director of 2004 American teen comedy adventure film in which Michelle Christine Trachtenberg appeared?
Which year and which conference was the 14th season for this conference as part of the NCAA Division that the Colorado Buffaloes played in with a record of 2-6 in conference play?
 Which attack resulted with the formal surrender of German forces, the Battle of Guam or the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy?
What is one element of House dance where the dancer ripples his or her torso back and forth?
which  American conglomerate company is  a subsidiary of Trump Entertainment Resorts 
Is Bob Hewitt a citizen of a different country than Ray Ruffels?
Who were the lead members of the group of actors who were in the film which was remade as the first film of "Ocean's Trilogy"?
Meomi Design works include The Octonauts book series, how did the adaptations of the series continue? 
In what year did Mets fans start taking New York City Bus: Q48 to watch home games?
Where did Mark Pavelich win Gold in 1980?
The attraction at universal studios that was based on "The Tonight Show" replaced an attraction that replaced an attraction based on what movie?
Who starred in Umm-e-Kulsoom whose mother was Afshan Qureshi?
What prominent Soviet director worked frequently with Composer Isaak Dunayevsky?
What party campaigned for the Irish Home Rule Movement?
Which team based in South Wales participated in a final game of 1980 Welsh Cup Final?
Perfect Imperfection is a 2016 Chinese romantic drama film starring a south Korean actor best known for his roles in what 2016 television drama?
Was Steve Sekely and Willian King Baggot known by multiple names or nicknames?
What is the name of the company that is the successor to News Corporation following its split on 28 June 2013 that Paul Cheesbrough works for?
In what field does the firm at which Claudio Fernández-Aráoz was a currently a senior adviser offers services?
The man who currently serves as the wide receivers coach for the Dallas Cowboys used to coach at what college?
Which former Republican won the presidential nomination at the 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention? 
What Canadian filmmaker created a film about Bettie Page in 2005?
What is the relation of Sulley Muniru with the central midfielder of Intalian club Pesacara?
Who has more singles titles, Brian Gottfried or Peter Fleming?
In which genus number of species are more, Lavatera or Oplismenus?
Aside from the Apple Remote, what other device can control the program Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with?
Which region of Ghana was the city where Akrofuom is located? 
The M104 155mm Projectile was specifically designed to carry about 11.7 pounds of what prototypical substance?
Which canal began operating first, the Carondelet Canal or the Miami and Erie Canal?
Are Jeff Ragsdale and Millard Webb both authors?
Which Genre of Television did Charles Quinton Murphy act for?
What county was Tom Hewitt born in?
Which "Official Ireland" group comprises about  78.3% of the population of Ireland? 
Where was the movie filmed starring Choi Yoon-young in 2012?
The first person to reach both poles named a glacier after which person? 
Where is the school that Tyler Kalinoski went to located?
Where did the genre of the Chapter Dos: On the Verge album originate? 
What is the current job of the former partner in ice skating of Vladimir Fedorov?
An American pharmacist was inspired to invent cola due to what recipe from  Angelo Mariani?
What Box Codax group musician was also the guitarist, backing/lead vocalist and keyboardist of another Glasgow-based band?
Which breed of dog has origins outside of the United States, Old German Shepherd Dog or Black Mouth Cur?
What is the name of the company that wholly owns the Value Alliance airline whose head office is within Terminal 2 of Narita International Airport?
Who was the architect of a Dutch museum dedicated to the arts and history in Amsterdam, located at the Museum Square?
Which writer had a longer lifespan, Ann-Marie MacDonald or Michel Butor?
Which Grand Slam singles tournament have Francesca Schiavone and Olga Morozova both been finalists in?
Are Even and Incubus known for their skill in classical music?
Which was fought earlier in our nation's history, the Seven Days Battles or the Battle of Manila?
What did the UK's first Linux-specific magazine call Qvwm?
What class of instrument does Apatim Majumdar play?
The 1990–91 UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team coached by Jerry Tarkanian lost in the semifinals of the 1991 NCAA tournament to which team?
author of the popular "Getting Started in Electronics" founded Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems (MITS) in what state?
What is the year of the event which orrurred first, Beecher's Handmade Cheese was founded, or Pike Place Market opened?
The Russian route M9 forms a part of what European route that has a length of about 5320 km?
What is the name of the daughter of the Irish entertainer in the girl band Maxi, Dick and Twink?
In 1736, a fortified complex was built in the heart of Moscow. What is this complex known as?
What was the job of the character Jack Nicholson played in a 1992 French-American biographical crime film directed by Danny DeVito?
which  Australian politician represented  Electoral district of Goulburn
 Robert Smith founded the multinational company headquartered in what city?
Who was the gunman of the hostage crisis which Chris Reason was awarded the Graham Perkin Australian Journalist of the Year Award for his coverage of?
Of the retired tennis players Ross Case and Slobodan Živojinović, which player reached a higher career-high singles ranking?
The Simpsons episode that aired on February 19, 2012 entitled "At Long Last Leave" represented what milestone for the show? 
Astro Boy and The Secret of Kells share which genre of film?
Who has been making music long Eric Gaffney or Pearl Jam?
Who was part of more music bands, Alison Mosshart or Ann Wilson?
What language was spoken by the Native American people whose principal town was Anhaica?
Which industrialist established a museum in Heckscher Park that features "First Friday" concerts?
Are Hanafuda and Okey both card games?
Q1: Which mountain is located in China, Kirat Chuli or Kangpenqing?
Which team did Art Briles lead to a victory at the Orlando Citrus Bowl on December 29, 2015?
Are Pterostyrax and Dregea both native to Asia?
The king of the Molossians and Epirus encamped between what two cities?
What was the title of the debut studio album by Weezer which contained the hit Buddy Holly and Undone – The Sweater Song?
What was the most famous post of the man who commanded American and French troops against German positions during the Battle of Saint-Mihiel?
What was Mike Coffman's title after being replaced as secretary of state by Bernie Buescher?
What act for Innocent Records achieved Platinum sales and shares its name with a primary color in the RGB color model?
Reeves Plains Power Station is a proposal from a company owned by who?
Who was the running mate of the man about whose candidacy the 2016 book Insane Clown President: Dispatches from the 2016 Circus documents?
What type of plane is the four engine heavy bomber, first introduced in 1938 for the United States Army, which is hangared at Conroe North Houston Regional Airport?
Margaret Wilson and Edna St. Vincent Millay have both been given what?
What character did the actor born on January 19, 1944 play in "As the World Turns?"
Through which Tv series, one of the stars of Whats up korean film Kim Ji-won gained attention?
Who was the lead prosecutor for the soilder court-martialed for the premeditated attack at Camp Pennsylvania, Kuwait?
Wincenty Gostkowski was a lawyer for the watch manufacturer Patek Philippe & Co. in which city in Switzerland?
 Legends of the Fall was based on a novella by what poetry and fiction writer?
What does the business Manny Cussins was chairman of make?
In which region is the town in which  Fort Kongenstein is located ?
Where was the music festival Billy McFarland was charged with wire fraud for supposed to take place?
When was the eighth season renewed for the series starring Al Harrington?
Which contest in California pays homage to an American novelist that won the Novel Prize in Literature in 1954?
What profession does Kazuyuki Fujita and Gilbert Yvel have in common?
Eric Stark Maskin was a  teacher for which university, located in New Jersey?
The Party Machine with Nia Peeples was executive produced by the talk show host whose show originally ran during what time period?
Which breed was bred first, the English Water Spaniel or the Estonian Hound?
The home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment is a platform for a racing video game developed by who?
Where is the concert venue which hosted the first US performance of "Libuše" located?
Kathleen Matthews holds what political position in the Maryland Democratic Party?
Which is farther west, Sheridan County, Montana or Chandra Taal?
What island is located  808 nmi northwest of the capital of Hawaii?
What criteria subjectively qualifies the Houston Astrodome to be called the Eighth Wonder of the World?
Willsmere was a railway station located in which inner suburb from Melbourne Australia?
Keene is an unincorporated community in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, in what federal republic composed of 50 states?
What Division was the college footbal team that fired their head coach on November 24, 2006?
Which composer was wrote his music most recently, Michael Tippett or Luigi Cherubini?
The founder of The Covenant, The Sword, and the Arm of the Lord is a close associate of what man responsible for the Oklahoma City bombing?
In what year did the actor who starred in the TV Land original series "The Soul Man" host the Black Movie Awards?
Who was the head promotor of the singer of "For The Good Times"?
 Are Isaac Asimov and Michael Cunningham both American writers?
MacBook offers what brand-type of displays that are higher-resolution than other portable computers?
In what language was the 2007 Indian romantic drama staring Kareena Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor produced in? 
Thirukkalacherry is a village in which Indian town?
What is the capacity, for basketball games, of the venue for the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup Final ?
In which movie the Stephanie Kay Panabaker was alongside with her elder sister Danielle Nicole Panabaker?
Where did the character  Xavin  changed into a black female just for the sake first appeared 
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 139) hosted an event by what organization on Oct 12, 1991?
What is Rachelle Amy Beinart's role in the film that follows a group of rebels on a mission?
How did the name of Peter Gifford's rock band (1980-1987) come to be chosen?
Which New Jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel is located in the Shops at Columbus Circle in New York City?
Tom Thumb Food & Pharmacy is part of the southern division of a grocery company based in what city?
Extract starred what American actress who is known for her work on Saturday Night Live from 2005-2012?
Which college football team for the University of Oregon did Enoka Lucas played for 
What colloquial umbrella do Rutgers and the many Ivy league schools fall under?
Which rock band chose its name by drawing it out of a hat, Switchfoot or Midnight Oil?
Tui Flower and Julia child were both known for what?
In what year were the European Athletics Junior Championships held in the capital of Slovenia?
When was the publisher of Traveller Supplement 4: Citizens of the Imperium in business?
What magazine has been contributed to by the poet who created the album "The Nikki Giovanni Poetry Collection"?
Which award did the author of Anastasia on Her Own win in 2002?
Wexner Graduate Fellowships are given to students who show an ability of an individual to "lead" or guide who?
Which tour did The Beatles release their album Dark Horse?
Although Michael Fincke's record was broken by Scott Kelly, commander of the International Space Station (ISS) on Expeditions 26, 45, and 46, what was his record for the most time in space?
To what team was the 2014 NBA Rookie of the Year traded in October 2016? 
How was Ada Lovelace, the first computer programmer, related to Lord Byron in Childe Byron?
With which American musician, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist from Berklee College of Music did Jonny Browning collaborate?
What is the birthplace of the Senator who represents the first of 62 districts in the State Senate?
Kalle Mäkinen is nicknamed after a Spanish football that captains what two teams?
What novella was "Eyes Wide Shut," starring Vinessa Elizabeth Shaw, based on?
Are both Grapico and Izze artificially flavored soft drinks?
Wheelock Whitney is just one member of the Whitney Family. Where did this American family originate from?
Who played a lead role in Dhool and has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the People's University of Milan?
Name a movie that David Thewlis has performed in after the premiere of Fargo?
What is the day of the horse race of which ESPN covers both the post position draw and the undercard races?
What kind of act does Whaling in Australia and Right whale have in common?
Are both Forman Christian College and Purbanchal University public schools?
The third emperor in the Year of the Four Emperors had how many wives? 
Who was the probably maternal grandfather of Edmund II?
What was the last date the creator of  the NOI was seen by Elijah Muhammad?
Norman Buckley is associated with a family drama for what cable network, formerly known as ABC Family?
What is the estimated population of the province where Winnipeg Jewish Theatre is located?
Which country did the Falkland Islands beat in the 2010 Commonwealth games that has eleven administrative divisions?
What television show was,based,on an 1908 novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery?   Anne.
Jing Tian was known for her role in a movie directed by who?
What was the name of the country ran by the president who maintained the mercenary unit, White Legion? 
What is the name of the father of Childericus?
Who coined the phrase that marked the period which included Sir Alexander Woodford's command of the 2nd battalion of the coldstream guards at the battle of waterloo?
Where is the closest relative to the whale located?
What movement was the the person referred to as Mumia part of?
What type of profession does Alexandra David-Néel and Jack Kerouac have in common?
Is the building located at 200 West Street taller than the one at 888 7th Avenue?
Where is the casino that Summer Nights takes place in?
Which happened first? The scarp was first imaged by Voyager 2 or The play All's Well That Ends Well was written by William Shakespeare
Who was appointed to the board of supervisors first, Jeff Sheehy or Ed Lee?
Who achieved more academically, Andrea Martin or Mark Hoplamazian? 
What Jurassic Park star was also in the Rainbow Warrior?
What is the name the Columbian film loosely based on a story about a dying child's dreams and hope first published in 1845 by Hans Christian Andersen?
What American corporation owns Claim Jumper?
How many venues was in the complex at which Night of Joy was held? 
What American regional sports cable and satellite television network does American television sports personality Charlie Moore host two shows on?
How many records has the singer which Robert Gale tour with during his fifteen year of tour sang with dropped 
Ella Purnell appeared in this 2014 film loosely based on what fairy tale?
Are San Antonio International Airport and Yakutat Airport in the same country?
What defines Downers Grove as a thriller?
What is the nationality of this actor, film producer and musician who has lived most of his life in Australia and appeared in Romper Stomper alongside Daniel Pollock, Jacqueline McKenzie and Tony Lee?
What type of profession does Ithu Engal Neethi and Shoba Chandrasekhar have in common?
What organization does Sandra Pizzarello and Doctorate have in common?
Which mechanical device which engages and disengages power transmission  uses brake fluid?
What football league did the person that Wilfred Bamnjo's nickname come from play and work at?
Which is larger, Garajonay National Park or Guadarrama National Park?
What footballer beat out a German professional footballer despite his 18 clean sheets?
Wim Jonk manages Cruyff Football together with the footballer who is also currently manager of which team?
David Wayne Hull (born 1962 or 1963) is a leader of which group that originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers, its first Grand Wizard?
The music magazine launched by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen that interviewed CupcakKe about her album Audacious in September was the first print publication to be released where?
Which director, Christopher Guest or Elem Klimov, is known for writing, directing and starring in his movies?
Viscount Yamaji Motoharu was a general in the early Imperial Japanese Army which belonged to which Empire?
Who described the person who started the current American Independent Institute in 2014 as "one of the most influential operatives in the Democratic Party"? 
Who was the artist that recorded a duet in 1985 for the CBS TV series 'Dallas' with an artist that was born in 1951 and has twenty #1 hits?
Which TV series directed and written by the same person as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" starred Tahmoh Penikett?
Li Yitong made her television debut on which network?
Were both Sinclair Research and the Wave Mate Bullet founded in the 1970s?
Henry Hall is known for fighting in the Revolutionary War, and for being the first to successfully cultivate this food found in what type of bogs?
The city that contains the Yunnan Provincial Museum is also known by what nickname?
What line featured characters from a DC Comic creator by Bob Kane and Bill Finger?
Rynella is an unincorporated community named after the daughters of a conservationist who presided of the maker of a brand of hot sauce made from vinegar, salt and what kind of peppers? 
Is Central Illinois Regional Airport of Jacksonville International Airport further east?
On which river is the shipyard established by Andrew Sprowle ?
The Livesey Hal War Memorial commemorates the fallen of which war, that had over 60 million casualties?
 Srivariki Premalekha is a movie based on "Premalekha" which is what type of book that is a long, written work of narrative fiction?
Which cast member of Alice Upside Down also stars in the ABC Family/Freeform drama "Switched at Birth?"
The Oppenheimer security hearing explored the associations of the wartime head of which laboratory?
Which Air Force member was behind enemy lines for 11 1/2 days and had the largest,longest and most complex rescue mission?
Both Dusty Drake and Joe Diffie sing which genre of music?
By what other names was the king known whose reign was the first included in the Year Books? 
What was the occupation of the man who founded the Huffman Historic District which is a part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton, Ohio, Unoited States?
What type of license is the open source roguelike video game video released 2012, in which a subset of it's pricing model is a called free-to-play, licensed under?
The reporter who digs into the campaign of a former Marine Colonel, worked where in Cleveland?
which writer has the highest number of skill  Langston Hughes or  Ian McEwan
What is the name of the light rail station on the MAX Blue line 7 mi west of Portland, Oregon?
Who was the writer of the Tamil-language romantic thriller film in which "Pookkalae Sattru Oyivedungal" is a song?
A golfer born in 1993 participated in which tournament?
Henry W. Bloch School of Management is named after the founder of an American tax preparation company that is based where?
Danglemah, New South Wales is between which town and the town on the south-eastern edge of the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales Australia?
Who gave the mother of Alberic II of Spoleto the title "patricia" of Rome?
Where did Ian Harland study prior to studying at the oldest college at the University of Cambridge?
What word or phrase is found in both the history of Belgium and cockfighting?
The 1991–92 NBA season included an Achilles tendon injury to which nine-time NBA All-Star?
What is the name of the process used by a company that is located in New Jersey and invented Hexachrome?
What is the name of the city located near the historical region known as Margianḗ in Greek?
what year was the cover artist of Multiverse: Exploring Poul Anderson's Worlds born ?
The thid episode of the first season of The Simpsons, features which character voiced by Harry Shearer?
What nationality was the noble house that employed Frntisek Rint to organize the human bones interred at the Sedlec Ossuary?
Which British independent private day school for boys did Charles John Godfrey Saunders attend?
The Waterloo Vase has been used as a garden ornament at whose residence and administrative headquarters?
Sparking the Marian civil war, who helped the recently abdicated queen to escape her imprisonment?
How did Pre's Trail's namesake die?
A celebrity magazine that has featured Snoop Dogg and footballers such as Riyad Mahrez and the creator's team-mate Juan Mata was launched by which former Manchester United player?
Of which band was the singer who released the record I Get Weak once a member ?
Aerodynamik is a Kraftwerk song on an album recorded for what anniversity of the Tour de France bicycle race?
Which became a Cathedral first St Chad's Cathedral, Birmingham or Chelmsford Cathedral?
Were the Tundra Mine and Negus Mine located in the same country?
How did Emilie du Chatelet, Voltaire's love, contribute to the basic laws of physics?
Who was born later, Jerry Garcia or Joe Gooch?
Does Bazhong or Kaiyuan, Liaoning have a higher population?
Which services did Rock Nominees Ltd and  ISS A/S (Integrated Service Solutions) have in common?
Harrison Newey made his ADAC Formula 4 debut with a partner who is the son of who?
Which feature film was released earlier, One Magic Christmas or Muppet Treasure Island?
How many Sliver Slugger awards does the player who uses The Boss during his at-bat and also plays for the Yankees?
What do both Spider-Man and Spider-Man in film have in comman
Who would you be more worried about playing a chess game against, Marcel Duchamp or Jiang Wen
When did the Cartoon Network series that starred Jessie Usher as Lyle premiere?
What distinction about his birth makes the contemporary of Bill Pollack unique as a winner of the Formula One World Drivers' Championship?
Are Couroupita and Graptopetalum plants both native to central America?
BMW X5 is a mid-size version that was produced alongside which newer model, produced in 2009?
What guitarist played with both Device and the American industrial rock group whose debut album was named "Short Bus"?
Considered the strongest recorded tropical cyclone, which cyclone had a film made about it in 2007?
How many times did the man who coached the 1986-87 UNLV Runnin' Rebels fail to win 20 games in a season?
For how many years did a player, who woke up on March 28, 1996 without vision in his right eye, play for the Minnesota Twins?
Who is the fictional head of a British Secret Service division and for which a one-time missionary was the inspiration for?
Were Sound Team and Dead by Sunrise both formed before 2010? 
What type of media do Peter Filkins and The New Criterion have in common?
 Pramod Bhasin was the former CEO of a company that provided what kind of services?
Which documentary was release first, Baghdad ER or The Ten-Year Lunch?
The Italian surname Bellini is normally written after what names?
Whiich genus has more species, Dracula or Pistacia?
What position in their bands did both Christopher Amott and Johnny Edwards have in common?
Which two Swiss attractions were the cause of the "grand hotels" in which Jakob Ragaz worked on? 
Of which painting was this German dancer, actress, and writer who lived during the Weimar period and appeared in the 1918 German silent drama film "The Story of Dida Ibsen" the subject?
Who plays the guitar, Denis Bélanger or Max Carl?
What was the position in the United States Army of the Lieutenant general that Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to?
Jennifer Jones captained the gold medalists for Canada at the Sochi Winter Olympics in which event?
What other teams played in the same division that Chad Clements played in?
Are both French Spaniel and Beagle universally recognized breeds?
The company that Park Joo-mi made her entertainment debut as a model for has its headquarters in what building in Seoul?
As the oldest player in the NFL, this football player is the only player ever to have accomplished what?
Which American former competitive swimmer was Mitzi Kremer team mate
Who else besides "The Golden Jet" was born in Point Anne, Ontario?
The Nike Mercurial Vapor is endorsed by a Stoke City football player who also plays for what national team?
How many copies of Roald Dahl's variation on a popular anecdote sold?
Who was considered more iconic, Charlie Chaplin or Bruce Bilson?
What profession does H. L. Mencken and Albert Camus have in common?
Where did the military engagements that Captain Lewis Cunningham Broadus served during take place?
Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format can transmit over what Toshiba optical fiber connector system?
When was the newspaper, in which the 1891 Birthday Honours list appeared on 30 May 1891, adopt its current name ?
What was Todd Boehly's former position at the firm where Mark Walter is the CEO?
Which single was recorded in 1989 at the first Tubronegro rehearsal by the Norwegian punk rock band, initially active from 1989 to 1998, whose style is "deathpunk"?
Who replaced the manager of the Aston Villa that began at Leeds United?
What football league did John Moncur belong to during his time at Ipswich Town F.C.?
What was Alexander Glazunov doing when he started composing Symphony No. 9 in D minor?
Are Der Rosenkavalier and I Capuleti e i Montecchi both comic operas?
Which  princess of French origin did Conrad IV of Germany married to 
Mesilla Park, New Mexico is located on the south side of the seat of what county?
Are Angostura bitters and Springbokkie an alcoholic mixture?
The winner of the the London Riders' Championship in 1953 scored how many points in the 1952 Individual Speedway World Championship?
Brent Hodge and Harley Knoles are both know for being a what?
What language, traditionally written with the ancient Libyco-Berber script, is closely related to the Tumzabt and Teggargrent languages?
What profeesion do Giacomo Benvenuti and Claudio Monteverdi share?
How long did the king who created the coins of the hawaiian dollar rule?
Are the Sleepers located north or south of the Kancamagus Highway?
what did the second largest city by population in vietnam also serve as in the first indochina war? 
Which Indian cricketer was the penultimate holder of the title Nawab of Pataudi?
Cinnamon sugar is a spice used to flavor this traditional Spanish and Portugese fried pastry.
Which University, University of New South Wales or Purbanchal University was established first ?
What was the former name of the stadium, from 1997-2017, where the Aztecs play?
What is the first two words of the fifth studio album of Joseph Edgar Foreman?
Philadelphia, Here I come! is a 1964 play by an Irish dramatist who has been likened to an Irish Checkhov?
Who produced a 1999 fantasy-comedy directed by Spike Jonze?
When did Belgium racer Stoffel Vandoorne win the Monaco GP2 Series round?
Handi-Snacks are a snack food product line sold by what American multinational confectionery, food, and beverage company that is based in Illinois?
How old was William DuVall when Black Gives Way to Blue was certified gold by the RIAA?
Brigadier Stanley James Ledger Hill was attached to the command post of which senior British Army officer born on July 10, 1886?
What product by FLEXcon represents data by geometric patterns?
What star of Two and a Half Men won two young artist and TV-land awards for his character?
What type of diet does the author of Eat to Live: The Amazing Nutrient-Rich Program for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss advocate?
What kind of novelists were both Robert Stone and Truman Capote?
whats the famous bavagheet by arun date?
In which Navy was the single-engine BAE Systems Hawk operated?
The eastern coast of Ivan Zammit's birth city is located along what body of water? 
In which town was the amusement park that is operated by Britannia Jinky Jersey Ltd located where the first  Tomorrow's Parties Festival was held?.
Are both Disney Magazine and The Ring still in publication?
The first female correspondent for Inside the NFL was replaced by who on the show American Ninja Warrior?
Robbie Tucker plays in what series that follows a group of friends who run an Irish bar?
Who was born first, Ulf Merbold or Mirosław Hermaszewski?
In 135 BC, a second campaign was sent to intervene in a war between Minyue and another ancient kingdom established at the collapse of whom?
In what 2 countries did both X-Large and A Bathing Ape have stores?
What kind of beverage does Planter's Punch and Black Velvet have in common?
Which genus has more species, Quesnelia or Honeysuckle?
What was the creator of the Moshulu Parkway known as?
After he was contracted by the team that is headquartered in Affalterbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, Dario Franchitti competed in what series?
What major landform lended its name to both the Blue Ridge Music Center, and American's longest linear park?
How many members exist in the conference represented by the Michigan State Spartans in the 1993 Liberty Bowl?
WFMT FM radio transmits from the second tallest building in the United States, which is located where?
What government position was held by the woman who portrayed Corliss Archer in the film Kiss and Tell?
Peter Jackson is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at a public research university founded in 1949 as what?
What objects were carried into battle by these naval ships for qhich the QF 6-pounder Hotchkiss were introduced to defend against?
Katherine Waterston and Chrisann Brennan has what in common?
Which long-established US university is older: University of California, Berkeley or Syracuse University?
What team did Travis Cortez Mays play on which currently compete in the Big 12 Conference.?
Over what time period was the motion picture studio which produced Marvel One-Shots known as "Marvel Films"?
What is the focus of the movie in which Nolan North played the role of Superboy?
The announcer of "Screen Gems Network" was the voice of a mascot for what cereal?
Who was the famous aviator that died in California while testing a jet aircraft?
Are both Snowboard Magazine and The Believer sporting magazines?
Josh Trank and Mike Valerio both work in what industry?
The 1996 AT&T Challenge was a tennis tournament played in a city that in 2017 ranked third on the "USA TODAY" list of what?
Who is younger, Wayne Coyne or Toshiko Koshijima?
What type of elevation does Aldgate railway station, Adelaide and Aldgate, South Australia have in common?
Whistle and Yodel both specialize in what service?
Where was the university at which  Barrie Ciliberti was a professor located? 
In which Sottish Region is the castle in which] Sir Roger de Kirkpatrick was born ?  
The magazine that nominated George Rainsford for their Best Actor award in 2017 comes out every week on what day of the week?
What flow of goods and services were managed and distributed by General Blood?
What is the name the French give to the war during which the Prussians occupied the Pavillon du Butard?
Berthold Louis Ullman died in a country that is approximately how many acres?
What is the English translation of the name of the novel series which the Four III is the final installment of?
Why did Rudolf Hess stop serving Hitler in 1941?
Which aircraft engine powers a General Dynamics aircraft of which over 4500 have been built?
Where does the city situated where Kellyville Ridge is located?
How many periods in office were held by the British Prime Minister who led the "Who? Who?" ministry?
Which comic book was also written by the writer of Crossed?
Brad Elterman is a professional photographer who addressed the rock 'n' roll lifestyle of a band that became noted for what?
What is the english translation of the name of style of novel of which The Company is an example?
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 includes which Brazilian footballer on the cover?
Steve Uzelac played football for which league located in Preston, Lancashire?
What park replaced American's first waterpark designed by the creator of seaworld?
What Congressional District did John Shimkus represent before the 20th Congressional District of Illinois?
Where was the armory at which Model 1840 flintlock musket was produced located? 
Where was the original line of the railroad William Howard worked for?
Which driver has been in less races, Marlon Stöckinger or MatthieuVaxivière?   
The Shōgitai were an elite corps of which shogunate?
Where was the sports complex at which Will Brodie made his debut in the thirty-five point loss against Melbourne located?
Both José Aponte de la Torre Airport and Boulder City Municipal Airport are classified as what type of airport?
Which publisher produced the comic books featuring both Spider-Man and the Daredevils?
What city hosts an annual convention devoted to a line of toys manufactured by a company based in Denmark?
McLaren MP4/11 was driven by what Finnish former professional racing driver
WAVN is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station tied to which city in DeSoto County, Mississippi?
What is the tagline of the roller coaster that utilizes the same ride system as Manta?
Ruth Vollmer begins work designing window displays for which American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer, headquartered in New York City
Jomar Brun contributed to an operation designed to prevent what country from producing nuclear weapons?
The Hoch Conservatory had the teacher on-staff who was the first to publicly perform any work by which composer?
Which them park is host to both the Back to the Future Rid and The Simpsons Ride?
Who commissioned the series of 12 monuments dedicated to the spirit of pioneer women along the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway?
Ælfgifu of Exeter and Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury are both known for being what?
How many episodes were there of the TV series where Julianna Margulies had the role of Carol Hathaway ?
The Julian P. Kanter Political Commercial Archive has been designated an official project by an initiative to preserve and protect what?
In what year did the Guild of Music Supervisors Awards recognize a British-American romantic drama film based on the 1952 romance novel "The Price of Salt" starring Cate Blanchett?
Do both Kettering University and University of New Mexico offer post-secondary degrees?
What corporation does the company that publishes the monthly magazine that focuses almost exclusively on the Western United States and featured photograph by Julius Shulman of a home designed by Rodney Walker belong to?
What is the name of this suburb within the Central Coast Council local government area, where Tessa, of Microwave Jenny, grew up?
Clifford Odets was seen as a successor to a Nobel Prize winner known as what?
What is a crime that is punishable by the type of sentence that Madame Le Corbeau received in Canada?
Rosi Golan's songs were featured in commercials for a brand of Artsana, that's been working for over 50 years, and is present in how many countries?
What is the population of the city which  Deryl Dedmon came from 
Which Australian city founded in 1838 contains a boarding school opened by a Prime Minister of Australia and named after a school in London of the same name.
When the two Coldplay songs U.F.O and Princess of China were written, what factor did they have in common?
Who won more awards, Frank Sinatra or Nivek Ogre?
In what county is The Third Fitzwilliam Meetinghouse located?
who influenced the electronic dance music who  made  Scotch Hausen album
Which movie is loosley based off the Brother Grimm's "Iron Henry"?
Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar wrote songs for the Pakistani singer who has performed at what US venue?
Michael Mark Brodsky is known for his translation of what Irish avant-garde novelist, playwright, theatre director, and poet?
Thea Ruth White is best known for her voice over work as Muriel Bagge on  an American animated horror comedy television series created for who?
Between Danny Elfman and Fran Healy who has worked in more diverse fields?
How many visitors per year does the first stop of OC Transpo Route 97 attract each year?
In which year was this single by Cher, written by  Brian Higgins and included in the album The Very Best of Cher, released?
Phyllis Kohn holds a seat in the House of Representatives which meets where?
Who was the last king of the Shahiya?
Which star of the 1986 movie "Castaway" was an owner of a Panther De Ville?
Besides Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Michael Sheen, and Laurence Fishburne, who else acted in the movie, "Passengers?"
Are Agee and To Shoot an Elephant both documentaries about war?
What is the familial relationship of the founder of the Gulf Cartel to Juan García Ábrego?
The scientists who discovered Tedatioxetine were from what international pharmaceutical company?
Renáta Tomanová and Larisa Neiland are former professional athletes for what sport?
Who has more scope of profession, Brian G. Hutton or Xawery Żuławski?
National Strategy for Homeland Security was a response to the events that partially took place at what Arlington County, Virginia location?
Before composing music for the game which contains Chocobos and Moogles, what cover band was he involved in?
Are Ash Lieb and Elswyth Thane both artists?
ho is the brother of the American transgender actor known for his work on MTV's "Faking It?"
Amil Grove appeared in what  British tabloid published by News UK? 
Boulevardier and Earthquake are cocktails, one of which has a french nickname of what?
Although a dependent territory remains politically outside of the controlling state's integral area, what else can it contain?
What is the name of this French former footballer whom football fans refer the football player Wilfred Bamnjo to as?
Kete Krachi is a town in what region?
When is the football club which Stan Spinks played for founded
What did one of Electron Blue writer who is also an american musician found?
Are both American Zeitgeist and Michael Jackson's This Is It documentary films about entertainment?
What type of music features Geetam, created by a devotee of Lord Krishna?
After joining Saturday Night Live in 2012, Cecily Strong played which character in the sketch "What Up with That"?
What is the main nickname of the professional association football club where Ewan Fenton spent thirteen seasons?
What sibling of John D. Rockefeller III was the chairman of Chase Manhattan Corporation?
Which genus is native to more continents, Nothoscordum or Callirhoe?
Who starred in the film The Human Factor in 1979, alongside fellow English actors Richard Attenborough and Derek Jacobi?
How is the Dutch footballer, Ryan Babel, connected to the song, Wij Zijn Ajax?
What characteristics do Rosario Castellanos and Arthur Hailey  share?
What are the names of the members of the Detroit-based hip hop duo who has worked with Jason Gilbert?
Which team was older when it had it's worst season, The Cleveland Browns or the Detroit Lions
What actor had his final performance in the film based on a dytopian novel by David Eggers called The Circle?
When did the author of "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" die?
Who was older, Andrew Preston or James Taylor?
How was Tiger Pataudi related to Iftikhar Ali Khan Pataudi?
What is the mascot of the oldest private university in Georgia?
What profession does John Lanchester and Alan Dean Foster have in common?
Who was born first, Aleksandr Ivanovsky or Arthur Lubin?
In which country did Ahmed Khader Al-Muwallad win a gold medal?
Tao Okamoto made her debut as the lead in the 2013 film featuring the character from what Comic company's line?
Which tower is taller, 712 Fifth Avenue or Manhattan Life Insurance Building?
Were The Bomb and Rolling Papers released in the same year?
Who was born first, Bobby Keys or Joe Cocker?
What do Wrigley Park and social networks have in common?
When did the English local newspaper, featuring the sculpture and war memorial in the Forbury gardens, change names?
What type of believer does Mir Jafar Baghirov and Joseph Stalin have in common?
Who was the brother of the wife of the Democratic Party nomination for Vice President in 1972?
This American film and stage actor played the self-destructive soldier Prewitt in Fred Zinnemann's 1953 film that centers around which event?
Nevada's second busiest commercial airport was named after which career United States Army officer?
What is the Latin phrase that describes Pope Julius II's efforts to remove Pope Alexander VI's name from the records?
What actor from "Willow" also starred in "The Usual Suspects"?
Which Austrian and later American chess master who was also a highly influential writer and chess theoretician competed for the first contest  that was defined "in advance" as being for the world championship?
Which  American chain of bakery-café fast casual restaurants sponsored Bill Steers Men's 4-Miler
What was the name of the Danish musician who died in 1931 and who composed String Quartet No. 4 in F major or Quartet for Two Violins, Viola and Cello in F major, Opus 44 ?
Stella Maxwell has been a model for a famous fashion shown since when?
James Davidson reported on which infamous American serial killers?
Which airport does Travel Service have their head office located in the capital of the Czech Republic?
What professionn does Stanley Kwan and Ken Hughes have in common?
In the British experimental jazz band Polar Bear, who handles digital devices?
In what town is Suffolk county hamlet that was served by the Suffolk Traction Company?
Which Walt Disney film was released earlier, The Rescuers or The Muppets?
In what year did the American Record company established in 1958 release a record co-produced by Adam Faith?
From which team did the linebacker for four NFL teams between 1985-1996 get fired by on November 29?
What prominent director worked with Orion Pictures and was born in December of 1935?
What kind of music do The Stone Roses and The Lemonheads play?
Alhambra and Tsuro are both examples of what type of game?
WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THE BOOK MADE INTO THE 2015 SOUTH KOREAN CRIME THRILLER, THE DEAL, DIRECTED BY SON YONG-HO AND FEATURING SOUTH KOREAN ACTOR PARK SUNG-WOONG (BORN JANUARY 9, 1973) AS A SERIAL KILLER?
Who was born first out of Todd Field and Aaron Katz?
Where are the offices of the weather service that serves the Kansas city which was named after an agreement between European Americans and the Osage Nation?
Which king of Northumbria did The "Historia" gives the abbot central place in his election as king
Not Richard, But Dick was an album by the band formed in what city?
When does the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created as believed by an organization which commissioned The Voyage That Shook The World?
The Grosvenor Museum takes its name from the family name of a title currently held by whom?
Who starred in her final film role in the 1964 film directed by the man who also did Vera Cruz and Kiss Me Deadly?
The Lucy Maud Montgomery novel about the character Anne Shirley was first translated into Japanese by what woman?
What occupations do Charles Burnett and Alan J. Pakula have in common?
What is the birthdate of this Australian dramatic coloratura soprano, who taught Simon Gilbert?
What is another name for the LRA featured in A Brilliant Genocide?
When was the person who did the music for Manru born?
Which company used a voice actor who also voiced He-Man?
What type of group beat Sheryl Crow's "All I Wanna Do" on the "Billboard" Hot 100? 
What is the strongest focus of the Adelaide Fim Festical put on by CEO Amanda Duthie?
Pandikona and Berger Blanc Suisse are both what kinds of animals?
Are Leopold Lummerstorfer and Valeria Sarmiento both authors?
Between Pine and Butea, which genus has the greatest number of species?
What nationality was Oliver Reed's character in the film Royal Flash?
Which American car rental company is also a member of the Association of Car Rental Industry Sytems Standards?
What's the familiar short name of Polyethylene terephthalate, a material used by bottle makers such as Ecopack of Pakistan?
What did Phuture begin that spread to the United Kingdom and Europe
Where is the origin of Tie Domi who was a player for the Maple Leafs?
The song "Metal" by Gary Numan was the B-side of a single that reached what ranking inthe UK charts?
How many albums have been released by the same band that released the "Trance" EP?
In which city was this band formed, whose rhythm guitarist featured in "Cupid's Chokehold?"
Who co-starred in an episode of The ABC Comedy Hour with the man who played Duke Slater in "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C."? 
Other than racing, what sport does the 1998 champion of the Toyota GRand Prix practice?
The voice of Homer Simpson also voices what alien character in the television series "The Simpsons"?
Were Illinois Institute of Technology and Boise State University both bounded before 1950?
Were the films Tonka and 101 Dalmatians released in the same decade?
The major benefactor who donated money to build Archbold Gymnasium sold his oil company to whom?
Adena Friedman was formerly the managing director and CFO of a company that specializes in what four key business areas?
What is the altitude of the town in England that has Leadgate between it and Garrigill?
 Who was the husband of the prominent Walton family member who died after John died in 2005?
On what date did the geological event, that caused the 2011 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix to be rescheduled, take place ?
Who had more career changes, Charles A. Agemian or Arshile Gorky?
What is the population of the province Herald Provincial Park is in?
In what Chennai location are trade laws different from rest of the country?
Which battle took place first out of the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River and the Battle of Tarawa?
Who was soldier Archie A. Peck's commanding officer during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive?
The British longhair is defined by what registries?
In addition to Richard Strauss, Luigi Nono, Krzysztof Penderecki, Joaquín Rodrigo, and the German composer whose known for "Das Marienleben", what other composers have been represented by ESZ since the 1950s?
Blues to the Bush is an album by The Who that can still be found on what e-commerce platform that was founded in 1995?
Bandit was built in 1988 by which Japanese amusement ride company that built roller coasters, giant wheels, carousels, flumes, dark rides, sky cycles and other amusement rides?
The Swiss immigration referendum, February 2014 is an example of what, which was framed by bilateral treaties between Switzerland and the European Union?
Who is current vice captain of the English Test team, Jamie Atkinson or Ben Stokes?
When was the conference the The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team was part of  created?
A man who played in the 1986 FIFA world cup played for what team during the 1982 Scottish League Cup Final?
Pedro Duque and Mark Shuttleworth both went where in their life times?
What language, also known as the Amazigh, is part of Siwa Oasis?
When did Peter Capaldi play the role of Mr. Curry in Paddington 2?
Moonlight starred the actor who played whom on the remake of Hawaii Five-0?
What types of activities occur in both the Bennington and Bridgewater Triangles?
Where is the university located in which the current editor-in-chief of Review of Policy Reseach is from?
What was the name of the publisher who published "Finnegans Wake" in 1939 by James Joyce
Which school with which Gabriela Lemus has been affiliated is a member school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund?
In what year did the parent show of The URL with Phred Show end?
Are both Aloinopsis and Eriogonum ice plants?
Teacher's Pet was both a movie and what?
What insurance company sponsored the Curling Skins Game in 2014?
Which light rail system would one use to visit the museum that explores the impact of modern conflicts on people and society?
What two shows is the director of the first "Clone Wars" series known for creating?
Pierre Benjamin Monteux conducted the world premiere of which play by Maurice Ravel?
Why does the City of Boston get their christmas tree from Ainslee Glen Nova Scotia?
What chef is the owner of a Japanese restaurant in the Tribeca neighborhood and also owns two Bar Masas in New York and Nevada?
Steve Denton and Albert Costa are both tennis players, which one began playing at the age if five?
From 2015 to 2016, Jill Marie Jones starred in a Starz horror-comedy series set in the "Evil Dead" universe created by who?
Which of the three main psychedelic compounds found in the Psilocybin genus mushroom are converted to psilocin by the body?
Len Wiseman directed "Live Free or Die Hard" which is the 4 installment in the Die Hard film franchise base on what character?
Alex Jesaulenko, former Australian rules footballer and coach won the award The Goal of the Year. In what year did he win that award?
Swingin' Down Yonder is the first full-length, 12-inch album recorded by a singer known by what nickname?
Which municipality of Gunnison County, Colorado is now called "the last great Colorado ski town" and is located near the Lucky Jack mine?
Was High Times or National Geographic published first?
Who was President of the United States when Jennifer Hunt served under Secretary of Labor Seth Harris?
What type of students attend the school adjacent to Pilgram Hospital?
At what university is the organic chemist who headed the group that designed the nanocar a professor?
Is Cartagena or Chess more popular around the world?
Igor Naming Agency named a resort located where?
Which tournament, organised by the Professional Darts Corporation, is planned to finish at the multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of The O2 entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in south-east London?
Which filmmaker is considered a pioneer, Herschell Gordon Lewis or Leah Meyerhoff?
Which director lived longer, Lowell Sherman or Jonathan Kaplan?
Why is Minister Pool important to Black Country and the West Midlands in England?
Where did recording sessions take place for the Michael Jackson hit "Beat It"?
Nikhil Nanda is the son of the insurance advisor in what business?
When did the person who claimed that Fidel Castro was killed in the 26th July Movement but was proven wrong by Herbert Matthews first serve as President of Cuba?
How many albums does the duo who sang "Yesterday Once More" have? 
Special K is a slang word for a medication whose main effects last how long?
The Declaration of Montreal was the founding document of which world event, lasting from July 26-August 5, 2006?
where was the 2006 Commonwealth Games that Mmoloki Nogeng won a bronze medal at held?
Bridge of Spies stars a Soviet intelligence officer with what name?
What director worked with Vikram Bhatt on a film starring actors Rajneesh Duggal and Adah Sharma?
What is the other occupation of this Indian film actress who appeared in "Hate Story 2" (2014) and "Saadi Love Story?"
What is Peter Daou's website's slogan?
What is the relationship of Yeshahework Yilma's mother to the man who was Ethiopia's emperor from 1930 to 1974? 
Christopher I of Denmark succeeded his brother, who was king during what period?
What Hong Kong actor born in 1980 will star in "Heart and Greed"?
Who was the returning coach for the singer whose breakthrough album was named Tragic Kingdom?
WHich college is located in the United States, Grand Valley State University or Carleton University?
Who was born first, Steve Hogarth or Donnie Munro?
Carl Barks is best known for his comics about the cartoon character created in what year?
Is Karjiang a mountain and Sherpi Kangri a mountain peak?
Who is the Mexican actor that starred in Sex and Breakfast?
Who won the 2007 Copa America Final, with help from Julio Baptista?
What are both Stauntonia and Pimelea?
What is the population of the city that Munsonville is in the northwest corner of?
What Guiness World Record is held by the actor who stars as "Jack" in a series created by Jim O'Doherty?.
The actor who plays the grown version of Emma Swan's son, from "Once Upon a Time", also plays what character in the television show "The Walking Dead"?
What is the company that currently recognizes the sprinting records set by Leni Junker and Florence Griffith-Joyner?
Chris Cornell and Godsmack are both American rock icons, who is the founder of Godsmack?
The Bragg–Gray cavity theory was developed by Louis Harold Gray, William Lawrence Bragg, and a man that was knighrted in what year?
Who starred in Love and other drugs and The Simpsons?
Where did the steamship company whose former director was an Australian politician born in New South Wales operate for its first 100 years?
What is part of an alternate title to a Three 6 Mafia song and is slang for a concoction which includes prescription-strength cough syrup also known as purple drank?
Which American Director doubled as a choreographer also, Stanley Kubrick or Kenny Ortega?
Which British engineering company is best known for its luxury motor cars in the era of British history that covers the brief reign of King Edward VII?
What title did the author of Det norske Theater's first production hold ? 
Which football club appeared in the 2015 FA Community Shield Cup, as well as, the 2014–15 Premier League championship?
In which film did Emilio Estevez star in in the same year as Nightmares
 William Cammisano was part of which Mafia family?
What are the professions of Tom Johnston and Daryl Palumbo?
Which English former professional footballer ho played as a centre-back, did  Chris Jones played with 
How many days did it take the Best New Artist of 2009 to sell 2 million copies of an album in the UK and break a twenty year old record?
What made the man who abolished the Consell in 1718 resume the throne?
What foundation do scholars give for the likelihood of collaboration on a William Shakespeare Play written between 1588 and 1593?
What profession does Alex Beard and Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead have in common?
I Can See Your Voice, a reality show from South Korea, offers what kind of performers a chance to make their dreams of stardom a reality?
which nuclear reservation in the United States  did  the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission acquired Meyers Mill  as part of 
From which phrase the name of the place where Hazina Towers is under construction?
What was the sequel of the game that e was published by U.S. Gold in 1992?
What team did Kenny Brown manage following the departure of Dean Holdsworth?
Which dialect spoken in the province of Scania calls Spettekaka, "spiddekaga"?
SWX Right Now airs on the station that broadcasts on what channel in Billings, Montana?
When was the city George Consider Hale was born in founded?
 Is it correct to state that Tetrapanax is an evergreen shrub as opposed to Hippophae which is a genus of sea buckthorns, a deciduous shrub?
What year did the prison where William Penn wrote No Cross, No Crown stop being used as a prison?
What city has a football team and had a player from Pago Pago, American Samoa play for it?
Which component of shellite has the formula (ON)CHOH?
"Outside of Heaven" is a popular music song which a recording by Eddie Fisher was made at a building that in 1976 was purchased by who for $3 millon?
No Smoking is a film loosely based upon the short story Quitters, Inc., which of three stories that are connected by the presence of what animal? 
What Author reflected on the contrast between Ethiopian Airlines and other African Airlines?
What writer worked on both The Ice Cream Man and and a 2007 fantasy comedy loosely based on a Donald Henkel poem?
With whom was a notable partner of Elena Krykanova a two-time Olympic champion with?
Which continent are both magazines, Sayidaty and Closer published?
Who was older, George Atzerodt or Andrew Johnson?
József Viola's association was most prominent with which professional Italian football club in Turin, Piedmont?
Which teams did Jimmy Butler play and what role did he play on these teams?
Did the host of Splash! win a gold, silver, or bronze Olympic medal?
Which post DC Extended Universe actress will also play a role in what is intended to be the fifth installment of the DC Extended Universe?
The Dalmatian parliamentary election, 1861 was held in what crown land of the Austrian Empire?
What is the river that Sangin is found in the valley of the primary watershed for?
Which musician was a member of the rock band Silverchair and signed under Eleven: A Music Company?
Which airline hub does Japan Air Commuter and Japan Airlines share in common?
What product is being built at a 107,000 acre industrial park for Tesla Motors?
What organization does Rosyth Dockyard and Queen Elizabeth-class aircraft carrier have in common?
Which of the former British Leyland companies is best know for it's two-seat open sports cars?
The city where Alex Shevelev died is the capital of what region?
This team which is moving from Oakland, California to Las Vegas Nevada with share its stadium with what college?
The Van cat's eyes have what feline form of complete heterochromia, a condition that occurs in some other animals?
Are Karl Shapiro and Elie Wiesel both American writers?
How many people go through the airport where Darwin Airline's headquarters are located?
What position in the court does the Professor of Law at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya hold?
What film genre involves humor and love, as seen in Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again!?
The 1st Virginia Regiment saw action at a battle that led to the departure of what Royal Governor?
What is the name of the series who's first season was released on Netflix on September 22, 2016 and stars actor pronounced as John-a-kite?
Which book by William A. Dembski summarizes the concepts he introduced about intelligent design in another of his works?
Which director, Chris O'Dea or Lucky McKee,  is a Master of Fine Arts graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television?
The court in which the most important decisions of the "Black Book of the Admiralty" where established under a monarch who was also known as the what of Scots?
Where is the company owning Reliance Cricket Stadium ranked on the Fortune Global 500 list as of 2016
What 4 divisions make up the company of the wealthiest person in Georgia?
What type of engine powered both the Saab 36 and the Avro Vulcan?
Were both the Battle of Saipan and the Battle of Manila fought by American forces?
what language did the ethnic group which Torstein Ellingsen was its drumer  speaks 
North Blenheim, New York was destroyed by flooding caused by the Hurricane that landed in what month?
Professional cyclist Sara Symington competed in which Olympic Games held in Sydeney, Australia?
Which county located in the commonwealth of Kentucky is Kentucky Route 393 (KY 393) a state highway in 
The Pioneer Helmet and the Benty Grange helmet are linked because of which feature?
What team had Tony Roberts replaced by an American sportscaster from Buffalo, New York when he retired?
What is a common feature of both the Iron Rattler's inversion and a barrel roll?
Who is the chairman of the company that operates Suncoast Hotel and Casino?
Which actress, who debuted in Friday Night Lights also starred in The River Why?
In the Morpeth Arms pub in London, there's a Spying Room with a view overlooking the headquarters of which organisation?
This stadium, the largest in eastern Europe, was home to the 1998 IAAF Grand Prix Final.  How many seats does it have?
Whose third name comes first in alphabetical order, Juan Carlos Onetti or Richard Llewellyn?
Who is older, Tarryl Lynn Clark or Michele Marie Bachmann?
What is the name of the county that Cari Roccaro is from?
The most principle species of plants which requires an ericaceous type of compost can have what effect on its surroundings because of the way it takes up cations?
Which member of the research project conducted by the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research between 1997 and 2005 was Kevin R. Henke most critical of? 
What cover for the main game of NBA 2K16 earned a gold medal playing with Team USA at the 2012 Summer Olympics?
What is the name of the historic figure whom participated in surveying the borders of the District of Columbia and had a premier African American recreation center named after him?
Who created the first rule of chemistry?
Were Enrique Carreras and Lionel Ngakane both filmakers during the 20th century? 
Taylor Momsen and Craig Mabbitt from Escape the Fate have what in common?
When was the only long-term psychiatric hospital operated founded in a county in the USA with a population of 9,298 in 2010?
What is the sister city of the city in which Benjamin Abram Bernstein was born?
Which award David Hersey had got for Equus a play by Peter Shaffer ?
In which theater did Heidi Brunner, a Swiss opera singer, play the role as Annio? 
Whose death dramatized in a stage play helped end the death penalty in Australia?
Who created the manga series originally serialized from 1994-1995with a superheroine?
Stephen Sondheim and Thomas Z. Shepard both worked in the production of what genre of music?
An American Werewolf in Paris was a partial sequel to the comedy film starring whom?
In what category did the composer of "Elliot, a Soldier's Fugue" win a Tony Award in 2008?
What iron-hulled steamship designed by Theodore Timby was The Orleans County Monitor Newspaper named after? 
What kind of creative artist was Howell Conant, famed for his work with Grace Kelly?
Where's Officer Tuba? is a comedy film that stars which Hong Kong-based actress?
Name one of the Judges of Spring Baking Championship television series who was born on December 17, 1974 ?
The chicken is a type of dance pattern that is a change of pace of what dance?
In the 1962 German Grand Prix, a racer came second. What did this racer found?
The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was hosted by the Prime Minister from what British party?
Which conflict was this person whose assassination led to Mark Fulton taking over command the Loyalist Volunteer Force involved in?
Who supervised the sting operation that implicated Evelyn Dawn Knight?
Which game is designed by more persons, Elfenland or San Marco?
 "Collateral Damage" is an episode of the television series "Millennium" and features the host of a late night talk show that airs how often?
What genre is the novel from which the fast-food restaurant specializing in seafood derives its name?
Are Xinxiang and Qionglai City both county-level cities?
Georges-Henri Bousquet translated the work of a historian who is of what heritage?
What album starring Ed Sheeran was released on 3 March 2017?
What judge who was on the show "Dancing with the Stars" was born on the 31st of March, 1963?
What commentator and author questioned the validity of CORE's non-profit status?
What is the character of fictional character Claire Fraser in a British-American television drama series developed by Ronald D. Moore ?
Baadshah is an Indian action comedy film that was inspired by what Hong Kong action movie starring Jackie Chan and Richard Norton?
What profession does Stephen Jay Gould and Ann Beattie have in common?
How many members were in the South Korean boy group whose first official sub-unit is Bastarz?
What intrusment did Jem Finer play in the band The Pogues?
Daburiyya is 8km east of a city where where percentage of its citizens are Christian?
Which film is newer, The Apple Dumpling Gang or Heavyweights?
Peter Curtis and Scott Draper are both what?
Which Football Club is based in the capital of Lesotho?
Scott Workman was an American stuntman and actor credited with a successful show on what smaller TV Network?
In addition to the best known comic servant from Commedia dell'arte, who else is featured in La Surprise de l'amour?
What is this fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race, from which Sequoia descends, is called?
What major city is the Faith Lutheran Middle School and High School located by?
Which band was formed first, Fitz and The Tantrums or The Contortionist?
What statistical area is the suburban city that houses the Charles Hosmer Morse Museum of American Art?
"Horrible Bosses" is written by a writer in which career?
How many episodes did the season of The Simpsons which featured the voice of Lisa Kudrow contain?
Which of the case was held in a higher ranking court, South Dakota v. Dole or Rogers v. Okin?
Which fictional MI6 agent is a fictional character created by the British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1952?
At what frequency an academic journal publishes which covers numerical and computational techniques to reduce any substantial losses or gains suffered by an individual or an organization?
Where operation Operation Dragoon and Battle of Cold Harbor fought during to different wars?
Who lived longer Ellen Glasgow or N. Scott Momaday ?
What other method of extending an ice hockey game exists other than the one used in the 1932 Allan Cup?
The coach of the Karachi Kings, Mickey Arthur, is of what decent? 
What is the primary role of the position played by Viktor Raychev for Lokomotiv Sofia?
Did the Beaulieu Mine or the McIntyre Mines yield gold and copper?
Siegfriedstellung in the First World War was a defensive position of what country's army?
What was the population in 2016 of the city that Norman Foote is originally from?
What association did the woman whose museum is located in the Bolling–Gatewood House help found?
The Plymouth fury produced from 1955 to 1989  was replaced by what for police and fleet applications?
What is  Cyaxares relationship to the man that governed for 53 years?
What song included on the 59th edition of Now That's What I Call Music was written and recorded by an Australian recording artist?
Where was David Angell headed when he died aboard the American Airlines Flight 11?
North American Aviation was the company that created what single-engined training aircraft?
Daniel Greene has created what for clients including sportscaster Bryant Gumbel, Eleanor Roosevelt, William Randolph Hearst and Dave Thomas, the founder of Wendy's?
Are Ian Brown and Dee Snider both actors?
Which group of people in West Africa with significant populations in Ghana, Ivory Coast, Liberia and Sierra Leone use the Ida?
Are the movies "Monsters, Inc." and "Mary Poppins" both by the same company?
Where did The Cure record their highest charting single?
Who is the son of the author of the short story "The Enormous Radio."
What was Robert M. Fomon's connection to the New York Stock Exchange located at 11 Wall Street, Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York?
 Also known as the Great Action, what other name did this event go by?
Geoffrey Rush, one of the stars in Intolerable Cruelty, is a known actor and film producer in what country?
Penny Rae Bridges starred in a television sitcom with what other actor?
What profession was both John Updike and Bret Easton Ellis ?
The 2000–01 A.S. Roma season had several important signings, one of which was a player that Javier Zanetti referred to him as being what kind of player?
What Canadian actress was on the cover of Saturday Night Magazine?
For what ogranization does a commentator of Press TV serve as associate director?
In the 2004 United States senate election, re-election was won by what American plitician who was first elected in 1998, defeating what three-term Republican incumbent?
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that competed in a 2015 singing contest in what city?
What kind of political party that combined conservative policies with liberal stances were Pio Cabanillas Gallas and Jose Maria de Areilza the leaders of?
What musical action does Ndebele music and Musical bow have in common?
Armand Castelmary played Horatio in the 1868 version of the opera set to a play by whom?
What was the name of a land where Maria Anna of Spain's husband was king?
Which University of Virginia alumnus also served under the 30th Governor of Kentucky?
Was the Mark-8 microprocessor different from the one in the Comx-35?
Because Marc Shiller was born in Beunos Aires in 1957, but is a resident of the United States, what ethnic group does he belong to?
Young Sheldon, the tv series that follows the character Sheldon Cooper at the age of 9, is a spin-off from what prequel?
100 indviduals with the surname 'Preradovic' died at which concentration camp that straddled the southern border of the Hasburg Monarchy?
The design team for role playing game Black Crusade featured the work of this designer who was the lead developer for what game?
What is the international football competition for women that Liu Ailing played in the 1991,1995, 1999 editions?
On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth is an essay by what English essayist best known for "Confessions of an English Opium-Eater"?
The 2004 romantic drama film based on Shake'spears play of the same name was produced by whom?
Bridget Cromwell is the eldest daughter of an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of what commonwealths?
What player with the nickname "Cocky" played in the 1928 Philadelphia Athletics season?
What city is between Normanby le Wold and the A46 Junction between Lincoln and Grimsby?
Myron F. Diduryk's exploits were described in a book by an author holding what military rank?
The Aviation Hall of Fame and Museum of New Jersey is located at the airport in which New Jersey county?
What is the name of the town linked by rail to Kendal, named after a lake of the same name?
When did the first bank come into existence that is part of an organization that serves rural areas of India with basic banking and financial services?
Romans stars which Tamil and Telugu actress?
In 2008, The Littlewoods Ireland Carnogie Leagues sponsor known as?
What "God Gave Me You" artist wrote the song "Imagine That" for Diamond Rio?
Which President did the American model who posed nude for Penthouse and whose story is recounted in the book 'Their Lives' gain notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with him?
The Peabody Hotel in Memphis (and a sister hotel in Orlando) are named after what residents of the hotel rooftop?
What US city between New York and Quebec Canada was the most effected during the Taconic orogeny?
Who was the another star in the television series Ma Boy who worked with the South Korean actress who began her career as a child actress in 2006 and initially gained public attention for "Moon Embracing the Sun" (2012)?
Who graduated from The SC Bastia Reserves and Academy  and was born 9 September 1987?
What occupation do Chris Menges and Aram Avakian share?
A Pair of Brown Eyes and Wild Mountain Thyme is based from what artists song?
Which English-born Australian singer/songwriter was a judge on season 8 of Australia's Got Talent?
What continents are the Moneuptychia found in?
Often seen at the Academy Awards pre-show, what is Robin Roberts's occupation?
Which opera has more acts, Don Quichotte or Tosca?
What is the full name of the company co founded by Jay Van Andel?
Which other Mexican Formula One race car driver has held the podium besides the Force India driver born in 1990?
The author of Sexual Politics attended which British University?
In what county did Michael Ola attend high school?
Rani Jhansi Marine National Park commemorates what queen of the princely state of Jhansi in North India?
What is special about the wristwatches that Favre-Leuba manufactures?
In what group was the writer of Songs and Dances of Death in?
Edithvale railway station is located on a line that is situated in what city?
Who was the lead singer of Eighth Wonder and who was born on March, 4th in 1968?
What phone series serves as the successor to phones officially unveiled at the "Samsung Unpacked 2015" event?
Are Aladdin and Song of the South produced by the same company?
Triangle Brewing Company was started by a founder who had experience as what non-commercial alcohol producer?
In the epic of Gilgamesh, where did the wise female divinity associated with fermentation live?
What is a luxury goods company long Northern Boulevard in the Miracle Mile?
What other jobs did the man that co-produced Gyara Hazar Ladkian have?
Who was born earlier, Emma Bull or Virginia Woolf?
Who is younger, Dan Bejar and Makoto Koshinaka?
Who directed the film which had Luke Goss playing the role of Jared Nomak ?
Of four Harry S. Truman Supreme Court candidates, who was the 53rd United States Secretary of the Treasury and the 13th Chief Justice of the United States?
where is the  a county where  Purcell can be found located 
Are Joe Walsh and Chester Bennington both guitarists?
What was the name changed to after Allison J71 was modified to a thrust of 7400 lbf?
Matilda of Chester, Countess of Huntingdon's father was the son of which woman?
When was the film containing the song "I'm still Here (Jim's Theme)" published?
What are both Jack Rabbit and Leap-The-Dips made of?
Ocean Springs School District is located in the city in what Mississippi county?
Of the two Sopranos co-stars who starred in a 2009 American thriller film together, which went on to secure the role as Tony Soprano?
Who has held more positions in the film industry, Donald Cammell or Justin David Swibel?
W41AP is a station owned by the daily newspaper serving what nearby city in Erie County?
The actress who played Laurie Keller in the episode "Pilot" of the show Cougartown won what award in 2011?
Which genus of plant is named after a person, Amesiella or Cucurbita?
The battle in which Giuseppe Arimondi lost his life secured what for Ethiopia?
Of these two publication--Báiki and Sick--what type of publication is the one that was published most frequently? 
What Nobel Laureate teaches at  Chapman University?
how many films has the director of "Girl 6" produced since 1983?
Are the Galata Tower and Süleymaniye Mosque located in the same city?
During the 2009 St. Petersburg Bowl on December 19, 2009, which future Atlanta Falcons wide receiver was the game's MVP?
Are Robin Wilson and Adrienne Bailon of the same nationality? 
What subsidiary of the largest airline of the Republic of China (Taiwan) has a main hub at Taichung Airport?
Which three-time Olivier Award winning English actress starred in the 1981 BBC television serial, Sons and Lovers?
Alison Castle is the editor of what publication with a connection to the Beatles?
The Russian-British physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2010 has established a reserach center dedicated to continuing the work with graphene in what country?
Tigerair is a budget airline and subsidiary of what Singaporean flag carrier?
Which tennis player is older out of John Peers and Simone Bolelli?
Where is a television transmitter located in Topeka, KS?
The Trans-Tasman Challenge winning car was based off which second generation North american Ford compact car?
Typically how many pages were in the fiction magazine in which Robert E. Howard wrote in 1930s?
Who was the First Prophert to the sixth Pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty?
Which singer is also a comic book writer, Max Bemis or Robert Palmer?
What is the architectural distinction of the hotel whose owner and chief developer is Frank Augustus Miller?
The Memphis Hustle are based in a suburb of a city with a population of what in 2010?
Who developed the jet fighters operated by the 41st Tactical Squadron of the Polish Air Force?
What is the first name of Jack Benny Binion's father?
Which pizza shop opened first, Toppers Pizza or America's Incredible Pizza Company?
when was the retired Jamaican sprinter which Richard Thompson is, 0.99 seconds slower than born ?
Who performed the Simon & Garfunkel song that was a follow-up single to "The Boxer" on Australian Idol? 
Where was the coach of the 1999 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team hired in 2013?
Cherie Currie and Steve Augeri were both what?
What other two divisions of Argentine forces were involved in the war with Britain that incurred losses in aircraft?
Who resides in the palace that was the inspiration for the Kensington System's name?
What British made dance competition television series franchise did Claudia Albertario appear on?
Who does the current PFA Young Player of the Year currently play for?
What is the student body for Ron Johnson's alma mater?
Do the operas Vanessa and Le roi malgré lui contain that same number of acts?
Millennium Greens were funded in part by a what type of lottery?
Which player selected out of the University of Florida with the third pick by the Hawks was born in June 3, 1986?
When did the party inspired by Cacareco begin in Canada?
The band who released the debut album "Tinted Windows" had their first performance in what city?
Here's Little Richard is a debut album containing a song written by Little Richard, Enotris Johnson and who else?
What prince is a claimant to the former throne of Italy and born in September 1943?
In which Austrian concentration camp was German musician Wilhelm Heckmann (1897-1995) imprisoned?
The most popular temple in terms of attractions is located in what part of the city?
Which professional baseball player and National 1993 Baseball Hall of Fame inductee is featured in the Greatest Sports Legends anthology? 
Tyler Redenbach was selected 77th overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in an NHL draft that was held in what city?
When was Ben McNiece played his debut  in the Anzac Day clash  against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground?
Were Maurice Tourneur and Greg Mottola both American film directors?
Are 13 Engines and Oingo Boingo both new wave bands?
Which port city lies approximately 25 km north of the Lingnan Fine Arts Museum?
How did the chairman of the Luthuanian Union of Actors discribe the star of the film Redirected?
The younger brother, who became king, of Princess Mafalda of Savoy reigned for how many days?
Where did the host of the 2014 edition of the MTV Africa Music Awards begin their career?
Are The Limousines and Faith No More from the same state?
Who directed the film where Susanne Pollatschek voiced Olivia Flaversham?
What is the main industry of this town with a population of around 2,600 as of 2010 that has Mountain Valley High School attendees as residents?
Erskine Academy is located in a village in what county?
Who was born first, Teru or Mike Shinoda?
British Airways and EasyJet are both based out of where?
Valuair was acquired in 2005 by a low-cost airline based where?
Which company has more divisions within it, WPX Energy or Hewlett Packard Enterprise?
Which of Jonny Craig and Pete Doherty has been a member of more bands ?
What album did R.Kelly release the same year as producing "These Are Special Times" for Celine Dion. 
Is 4 World Trade Center or Trump Palace Condominiums higher?
Are McFarland, USA and The Black Hole both sports films?
Are the 1908 Ex parte Young and 1948 McCollum v. Board of Education United States Supreme Court cases related to each other in any way?
What river can a  large African bovine be seen bathing in in the Mwabvi Wildlife Reserve?
How many records had the team sold before performing "aint thinkin' 'bout you"?
Raúl Arellano played for Mexico in which football tournament in 1954?
What was the nickname of Judy Lewis's father?
Which of the city at the south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales is a local government area in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia?
Which writer and director does Kym Barrett collaborate with?
 VEU, the American television channel owned by Golden West Broadcasting was similar to a defunct television servied owned by who?
What is the rank of the incumbent that RJ Harris challenged in 2010?
In which series did Jacky Ickx, the Belgian Ferrari driver, win more races - Formula One or the Le Mans 24 Hours?
When was the friends song was released which is taken from the fourth studio album of canadian singer and song writer Justin Bieber?
What musician is ranked 9th in the Top 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists and started a band in 1990 in Los Angeles, California?
What season of Gilmore Girls featured an actress as a maid of honor who had also played the role of Winnie Foster?
The Environment Act 1995 passed under the tutelage of a politician associated with what political party?
Charles Coughlin was a controversial Canadian-American Roman Catholic who also started what rumor?
What literary style describes the 1968 book that features a 1939 international Harvester school bus?
Are Grant Nicholas and Danny Shirley both American singers?
No issue, lelo tissue was started by which company that has the largest mobile network in Pakistan?
What russian Marxist revolutionary born in 1875 was part of the Vpered organization?
What football club plays in the area between the old tool gates: Brook Bar and Trafford bar?
What famous New York burglar and freelance writer was involved in a robbery for which a book was written about?
what is the group called that Dianne Morgan and Joe Wilkinson a part of in the BBC comedy "Two Episodes of Mash"
Which is the younger brother in the composer duo that composed Aati Kya Khandala?
Whose father is the name of the son of the chief counsellor to the king in Hamlet taken from?
Which Hong Kong actor born on 19 August 1946 starred in The Sentimental Swordsman
Which soccer club's head coach was born August 1, 1973?
What mixed martial arts even took place at a closed hotel and casino on the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, owned by Trump Entertainment Resorts?
What instrument does Duff McKagan play on Macy Gray's single, Kissed It?
Who did Muhummad Ali fight next, in Houston, after the so-called Fight of the Century with Joe Frazier?
Were Gregory La Cava and Mike Judge both actors? 
How many Studio albums did the group that released the debut album The Cactus Al/Bum release in their initial career?
Of all the teams John Nyskohus played for, which team was known as "the Black and Whites?"
Is The Stuff of Legend and Babes in Toyland both entertainment? 
Are Robert Philibosian and David Ignatius both politicians?
Did Lewis Allen or Danny DeVito play Louie De Palma?
The ninth The Desert Sessions LP was released by by what kind of band?
Josey Scott and Ian Watkins were both promising musicians. Which of these talented men was incarcerated, impacting his career with a rock band?
What star in the film Up at the Villa has earned the title of knighthood?
Were Thinking Fellers Union Local 282 and the Smiths, who had a lead singer of Morrissey, both active in 1986?
Name three common things that are used in playing Monopoly and King of Tokyo?
Which star of Zork was also the voice of Pac-Man?
Who was born first, Andy Warhol or Alexander Butler?
In what century did this Native warrior and chief, whose brother Tenskwatawa led the Tippecanoe order of battle, become the primary leader of a large, multi tribal confederacy?
What was the location of the execution of Roger David Casement, the Irish Nationalist who made made efforts during World War I to gain German military aid for the 1916 Easter Rising that sought to gain Irish independence?
In what mountain range that extends through multiple countries is there a mountain that lies southeast of Jacabamba?
In which year was this English singer, songwriter, musician, activist and a co-founder of the Beatles born, whose classmate Bill Harry founded Mersey Beat at Liverpool Art College?
What river is the city that Cyprus Classic Motorcycle Museum is in on the banks of?
In what type of imprisonment where the inmates Arne Berge helped rescue during operation White Buses?
What occupation do Anita Loos and Grace Metalious share? 
Do writers John O'Hara and Bobbie Ann Mason share the same nationality?
Martin Flavin and Peter Benchley both did what occupation?
Which genus has more species Babiana or Ceratophyllum ?
The German geographer and geopolitician Otto Maull was part of a team led by Haushofer whose close associate was a prominent politician in Nazi Germany born in 1894 who served under Hitler in 1933 as what capacity?
Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children (1779) is a portrait given to the National Gallery of Art in 1937, which is located in which state?
Were both the One, Inc. v. Olesen and  Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins cases ones that included a ruling by the United States Supreme Court?
The head coach for the defensive backs coach, Peter Giunta, led what professional football team to two Super Bowl victories against the New England Patriots?
What company claims to manufacture one out of every three objects that provide a shelf life typically ranging from one to five years?
Which star of "Chalet Girl" also appeared in "The Treasure Seekers"?
Cave-In-Rock, Illinois was a stronghold for serial killer/bandit brothers who operated in which century?
What role was the English actress. who starred in The Priory known for 
Are University of Virginia and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the same country?
Who set Nietzche's philosophical novel to music? 
What do Victor Salva and Emilio Fernández have in common?
Sporobolus and Zea are in the same what?
Both Sorbaria and Goldenrod are a genus of more than 50 flowering plants?
What is the prefix given to the end of the name to avoid confusion for the winner of the 1996 Record of the Year Grammy?
Lenroy Thomas is the current commonwealth heavyweight champion after beating a British , professional boxer who has a record of 12 wins, 3 defeats, and how many draws?
The Prussian General Carl von Clausewitz is associated with what type of realism?
Which city in Missouri is the Route 66 State Park closest to travel from, St.Louis or Eureka?
HK Express is one of how many founding members of the world's first alliance of low cost carriers?
When did  former Yugoslav which  Patricia Hy-Boulais eventually lost to in  1992 US Open became US citizen
In which branch of the U.S. military did the man who Robert Conrad portrayed in the television series "Baa Baa Black Sheep" serve?
Maxeda has been owned since 2004 by which American multinational equity firm?
When did the husband of William Roper bornj who was also the father of  Margaret Roper?
What is the length of an episode for the show that Jose María del Río is a narrorator in? 
when does the role William Vere Reeve King-Fane change?
Who is the mother of the king that Walchelin de Ferriers was principal captain to?
The alcoholic drink that shares a name with Quintessentially Unreal's 1996 album is commonly reffered to in historical literature as what?
The Bulls–Knicks rivalry involved a well known player who was how tall? 
In what city was the second bowl game to air on all the "big four" television networks played?
The city in which the Cloverdale Fairgrounds are located is a member municipality of which regional district?
The 2006 film Alien Autopsy promoted by Ant & Dec made it to which spot on the British box office chart?
Which musician or band is from further north, Matthew Good or Modern Baseball?
What film is a sequel to a German romantic fantasy film featuring Bruno Ganz and Solveig Dommartin?
which Mexican and American film actress is Ethel Houbiers  French voice of 
Which radioshow did Frank Sinatra appear on the year he won an Academy Award?
What are some other areas that share a common deer species with the forests of Mara and Mondrem?
Which is located in Cornwall, Southwell Minster or Truro Cathedral?
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show features what fashion model who was born in 1988?
Zach Parise's father played in which league?
Which is located farther West, the Cascade Locks and Canal or Lake Worth Lagoon?
Lakshmi Shankar is the mother-in-law of an acclaimed Indian violinist who was noted for what?
The owner of radio station KWPW has the same name as an American character actor. What is it?
what 6-story building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980?
Jayaprakash Narayan was posthumously awarded what highest Indian civilian award?
How many yards did the nephew of Ivory Lee Brown get during his 2004 true freshman season?
What test preceded Operation Julian before negotiations began for the Coprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
Which goalkeeper was nicknamed the "Black Spider", Turgay Şeren or Lev Yashin?
In the Glee episode "Bad Reputation," Sue Sylvester dances to this song, by a four-time Grammy winner and star of musical film "Grease."
What did  the man who  led Sweden to military supremacy during the Thirty Years' War found in 1623?
When did British politician Damian Green state that said that e-Borders would be collecting information an all passengers on 100% of non-EEA flights to the UK?
What is the name of this White House Cheif of Staff, born in 1950, who assumed the role at the same time as Elaine Duke became Secretary of Homeland Security?
Who's fifth album and debut single are Startin' Fires and Austin respectively?
What song by Soft Cell was sampled in a Rihanna song that had three video versions?
 where is the American professional basketball team which Jalen Jones played for based
Which was released first, Hot Girls Wanted or China Blue?
Perry Ellis played for the college team that competes in what conference?
What type of film is Jordan Roberts 2017 film release?
George Lucas created what character to raise Boba Fett?
Suicide's 1977 released album features a song based on what brand's comic character?
When was the rock band to which Pre-Creedence name was changed active? 
Arena Bowl XII included what team coached by current head coach of the Washington Redskins?
Did Zaza Pachulia win an NBA Championship with the Atlanta Hawks?
Greetings! We're The Monitors was the debut album by the band who had what soul and R&B singer as their lead?
What party does the House of Commons representative for Congleton belong to?
Michael Pollock was was a senior officer in the United Kingdom's naval warfare force, also known as the what?
The founder of the Metroplex record label attending high school in what city?
What is the main difference between Aloinopsis and Washingtonia?
James Jinkins was the creator of an animated television series that appeared on what network?
What is the scentific name of the butterfly that is widespread in the seventh-largest country in the world?
What was the occupation of the man who played a leading role in developing a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket launcher weapon?
What number installment of the Ghost School and Ghost School Horror was the film Voice?
H Pistorius & Co is part of the reason for the wealth of the family that includes which South African sprinter?
Which person, William Blake Herron or John Carpenter, held more diverse roles in the movie industry?
Wapping has the oldest riverside tavern, dating back from when?
James Stuart became a specialist of a rhythmic pattern charecterised by what?
Which magazine is published more in a year, Essence or Alt for Damerne?
What american actress/singer born in 1956 recorded the song Something there for beauty and the beast?
Was the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower [Met Life Tower] or the 15 Hudson Yards building designed by the firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons?
What album was released by 1948-born French composer in 1998?
Which person went into space at a later date, Sigmund Jähn or Christer Fuglesang?
What former city, now the fourth-largest Russian city, was the Belarusian State Technological University evacuated to in 1941?
What month did the an online adult website whose last print magazine was published in the summer of 2007 recognize Nikita Gross?
Lean on Pete stars the actor best known for playing what role in Granite Flats?
What kind of energy does a plasma weapon produce?
ICI House is now named after the company that provides what type of item?
Which famous mine was in service first, the Salmita Mine or the Kanichee Mine?
Who is known for producing the documentary television series based on the book by science historian James Burke?
Who aided the Colorado forces in the Uruguayan war?
 Which 1970's film was released first, Charley and the Angel or The Boatniks?
What profession does Matt Thiessen and George Thorogood have in common?
The Patriotic front promotes the interests of what nation particularly with the aim of gaining and mainting self governance.
Svíčková is a dish that includes dumplings that are prepared in what way?
Bridgewater Triangle is an area where the phenomenon associated with what type of tradition has been seen?
What actress is known for a starring role in Robert Bresson's "Pickpocket" and has also been directed by Just Jaeckin, a former photographer?
Watercliffe Meadow Primary Schools name change is an example of what term generally used to describe the avoidance of certain language?
The book translated as "School of Religions" was suggested to be written by whom?
Who had a perfect game against The Ignitor's team in 1998?
Come from the Heart:was first recorded by an artist that sang what genre of music?
Which North Central town in Florida is home to the punk rock band Against Me!?
What role did the actor who played Colonel Sherman T. Potter in "M*A*S*H" play in "Kentucky Jones"
What did the NBA player who visited Tlacote el Bajo win during his rookie season?
In which St. Louis Cardinal season did a player born in 1972 blow ten saves before undergoing season-ending hip surgery?
Does Linzhou, Henan have a larger population than Xingcheng?
Do the bands 3OH!3 and Moonbabies have the same number of members?
When was the Western Germanic language spoken from which the small settlement situated on the river Leda opposite Leer derives its name?
What did the American writer who wrote Into Thin Air  primarily known for in his writings 
 What species has an extinct subspecies that are classified as Trogloxene and are known from fossils and prehistoric art?
Psychopsis and Aubrieta are both genuses of which type of plants?
The type of language spoken in Cadore is of which family?
The Admiral's Men occupied which kind of theatre in the 1590s ?
What is the magazine that listed "Jump Around" by House of Pain at 325 out of "500 greatest songs since you were born", known for?
"Aroma-scope" used in Spy Kids 4 is reminiscent of what marketing gimmick used in Polyester in 1981?
The pseudonymous partner to "Willis the Guard" in the American musical duo of Jerry Buckner and Gary Garcia is noun which refers to which portion of a bet?
Where was the builder of the Hyundai Stellar located?
What is the county seat of the county in which Keokuk Falls, Oklahoma is loated?
Which game is a board game, Mensch ärgere dich nicht or Roulette?
From 2003 to 2008 Tom Holland was responsible for what  ?
Are William Kronick and Jon Turteltaub both television writers ?
The founder of this Canadian owned, American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military developed this portable tape system.
Which close friend of an American former basketball player was signed for to play for the Timberwolves?
UFO Magazine covers what subject named for Charles Hoy Fort?
Besides acting in things such as Home Free, what else did Marian Mercer do?
Who was a more acclaimed guitarist Stephen Christian or Joe Gooch?
Who is Colin Kaepernick and what is his preferred nickname?
What has Henry Winkler worked as that Norman Foster has not?
What type of rock makes up the formation where Douglas Crabbe drove into a bar?
Who did the Star and Dagger bass player marry?
Gül Train is a project of which Eurasian political and economic intergovernmental organization?
Who is Cletis Tout? was a comedy film that starred which "Home Improvement" cast member?
What was the nationality and profession of the person responsible for the concept of a dimensionless number in physics and engineering?
The King of Hollywood starred in what 1932 American pre-Code dram film?
Who was the film which was Kim Dae-woo's directing debut about ?
Marine Air Control Group 48 is stationed at Naval Station Great Lakes which located where?
Between two scientists Ernst Messerschmid and Philippe Perrin, who is older?
The structure in Wyoming in which Bořeň is similar to has a summit that is how many feet above sea level?
Butautas tried to depose his uncle who between which years ?
What is the surname of the recorder of "Jupiter (Swallow the Moon)"
Which football club did Michael Whitham briefly manage in Lincolnshire, England?
What is the colloquial name of the professional football team in which striker Frederico Chaves Guedos played? 
Do both Adventist World and Girls' Life have a headquarter or editor based in Maryland?
At the 71st Golden Globe Awards for television in 2013, what achievement did Breaking Bad, police sitcom Brooklyn Nine-Nine and American Hustle attain?
The star in a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaption of the play by Shakespeare had what occupation?
Jacques Coghen is a direct ancestor to the spouse of which Belgian Queen?
World for Ransom was directed by the producer notable for which 1974 film?
Who did the Doncaster Belles play in the 1994 FA Women's Cup Final held at Glanford Park? 
Who plays in both The True Adventures of Wolfboy and "The Knick"?
What key role did the stadium's snowplow operated play in the game following the Dolphins win against the Minnesota Vikings?
What was the capacity of the stadium that Colección Privada that was filmed on October 10, 2000?
when was the coach of the 1981 Oklahoma Sooners football team born ?
"A Swingin' Safari" was a song written originally by German songwriter Bert Kaempfert but made popular by who?
What profession does John Landis and Gore Verbinski have in common?
What film did the mother of Karan Kapoor star in in 1970?
Baltic Neopaganism was a religious movement that included which poet and humanist?
Are Stanley Elkin and Anne Tyler from the same country?
How many members does the Tennessee Volunteers football team's Conference have?
What lawyers were featured in The State of Marriage, with the lawyer nominated by Governor Peter Shumlin?
Are Eve Beglarian and Zach Bogosian both of Armenian descent?
What electronic attack squadron is permanently stationed on two pieces of land near Oak Harbor?
Who was the son and heir of Henry Beauclerc?
The astronomer who formulated the theory of stellar nucleosynthesis co-authored what landmark paper?
The driver know for doing backflips off his car lost to which driver in the 2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series?
The World War I Air Force pilot who has been credited with 80 air combat victories has been the subject of what forms of media?
Which segment of If These Walls Could Talk did the Goddess of Pop direct?
What was the population of the city where Penobscot Marine Museum is located?
What is the name of this Austrian association football club from Vienna for which Raphael Holzhauser was a player?
Scientific Games Corporation makes the type of games that are composed of what?
What did the main character in Unbroken do in the Olympics?
Are Waste Land and Shikashika both types of drinks?
Who was born first Mahbub ul Haq or Ibn Arabi?
What was unique about the attraction that was replaced by Monsters, Inc. Laughing Floor on April 2,2007?
Alex Haley wrote what novel about a man that was born in 1750?
Which district includes the island in New York City's East River which Pete Grannis represented in the New York State Assembly?
what is one of the stars of  The Newcomers known for
Sum 41 and Passion Pit have what in common?
What company was Luca Cordero di Montezemolo the chairman of that merged into a new Netherlands-based holding company Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV?
The elder sister of Darleen Carr is best known for her role as which Von Trapp daughter in "The Sound of Music?"
What is Michael Nakasone job at the college prep school in Honolulu?
What year was the 2nd wife of the leader of the hussites born?
Where is the company that owns thanKing Horse pub restaurant chain based ?
Which author was born first, Josephine Tey or Julia Peterkin?
What kind of game is The Park a spin-off of? 
who features in the series  which McClure hosts 
What was Sophia Dallas' husbands name who served under the 11th president of the United States?
 Sir Johnston Forbes-Robertson was considered the finest at playing a character who was the king of which country ?
Which dog is native to France, the Basset Bleu de Gascogne or the Bulldog?
What profession did Willi Forst and Elmer Clifton share?
Joan Bennett Kennedy, who had three children including Kara Kennedy, was known for pursuing which career?
In which album was American rapper Kendrick Lamar's first number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 included?
Somebody’s Daughter’s star Max Gail was most widely known for his role in what other television series?
The term snake eyes is used in a particular casino game that uses what game pieces?
Are both Götterdämmerung and Dafne considered operas?
the municipality of Mirditë is in a country that had how many inhabitants in 2016 ?
The 2006 NCAA Wrestling Championships crowned Jake Rosholt and another athlete known for powerful punches from what hand?
In what year was the British actress who starred in a film adaptation of a series of eight children's books written by P. L. Travers born?
What NIFL Premier Intermediate League team did Sean Connor play for?
The pavilion that the Biergarten Restaurant is a part of is in between which other pavilions at Epcot's World Showcase?
Which is farther north, Wynantskill, New York or Hannaford Brothers Company?
Who was the fourth son of the lord of the Seventeen Provinces of the Netherlands in 1555?
How do the Peter Laufer books Forbidden Creatures and No Animals Were Harmed differ in their focus on animals?
Which Russian professional ice hockey player, known as the Magic Man, was the final recipient of the NHL Plus-Minus Award?
How many people were killed in the collapse of the bridge featured in the drama film, The Public Domain ?
Who was born first David Draiman or Terry Kath?
What federal agency was founded in 1935 and maintains a list of wanted persons?
How many albums did the company who released Tift Merritt's debut album release for Tif Merritt?
The Rome Protocols were signed by three Prime Ministers one of which was assassinated as part of what?
What year did the largest convention center in the U.S. state of Georgia open?
What is Gary Cole's character based on?
Gretchen Gotay graduated from what American public research university that is located approximately 72 miles northeast of Atlanta?
The movie Chariots of Fire was based on the true story of which Scottish Christian athlete?
what is the principal activity of the company  which holds that which  Robert Melville previously worked with
Which position did Enid Blyton beat the man who is the U.S. Representative for New York's 3rd district to win?
EMU Australia is best known for their unisex style boots that are typically made of what?
Have Tionne Watkins and Park So-yeon both been members of a girl group?
Steven Covey, the father of Sean Covey, wrote what similar sounding title to The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens?
What car did the German rally driver, who won victories for Fiat, Opel, Lancia, and Audi drive?
What was the name of the person that was interviewed and later written about by John G. Neihardt?
BOTH Skyang Kangri and Pumari Chhish are both what?
The 2011 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team competed in a conference with how many members competing in football?
Peter Dhao created a websiteto reflect worldwide views. What was the slogan of the site he created ?
Which documentary is newer, War/Dance or The Sorrow and the Pity?
What do the Rampur Greyhound and Borzoi have in common?
What group did Carlene LeFevre and Rich LeFevre form in Brooklyn, New York City?
 the movie "A Cure for Wellness" was a science fiction?
What reward did the founder of Chick-Fil-A receive?
During Siege of Bharatpur, which Commander-in-Chief of Ireland and Commander-in-Chief of India contributed to the storming of the castle?
Grounded Vindaloop is an episode from an animated television series that had this many episodes in its eighteenth season?
Which comic book character was originally written by Vic Bloom after appearing in "Pep Comics"?
Hivange is a village in a country that has how many official languages ?
The channel that has interviewed players such as the forward for the French national team is on what platform?
Crash is similar to what 16th century British card game in the sense that there is no betting?
Who helped initially design the Gotha Go 229 and later died in Argentina in 1994?
What is the long name of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 that relates to Islam in Northern Ireland?
Were was the Mexican state after which there is Villa Unión, Sinaloa located? 
What was the size of the 1700 Cascadia earthquake predicted by Kenji Satake?
What NFL team did the 2017 ESPN College Football Friday Primetime host who played at Oklahoma in college play for?
Tolex and General Tire manufacture very different products, but both make accessories for what type of transportation vehicle?
What did the main character of the Novel whose second sequel was published by Viking Adult go to college?
Where does the team that Flavio de Jesús Santos  plays for play home games?
Is Xingcheng or Ulan Hot located in the Inner Mongolia region of China?
A guitar player called Noodles is a longtime member of which band, The Smashing Pumpkins or The Offspring?
What nationality is Amed Rosario, the shortstop for the New York Mets?
Johnnie Casson appeared on which ex-professional footballer's British television show?
The plateau region between the Atlantic Coastal Plain and the main Appalachian Mountains is in what state?
Flowers in the Attic starred what actress known for playing Sally Draper on Mad Men?
Which of the people that scored a goal for Arsenal in 2015 FA Cup Final was born on 16 March 1989?
The Church of the Guanche People was founded in the city that is on the most populated island of what larger area?
In which poetic form is Mad Girl's Love Song written and appears in the novel The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath?
Where did the father of Edward Garrison Walker live when he wrote "An Appeal to the Coloured Citizens of the World"?
Who sang lead vocals on the Oasis hit single which had an acoustic debut in drummer Tony McCarroll's last concert ? 
The 2008–09 Texas Tech Red Raiders played in which athletic conference headquartered in Irving, Texas?
Where is the basketball team that Mike DiNunno plays for based ?
That Darn Cat and Honey, I Blew Up the Kid are both what?
North Midland Divisional Engineers took part in a battle during WWII that went on for how many weeks ?
What offence were opening batsman Khalid Latif and 5 other cricketers suspended for, in February 2017?
Are Ari Up and Boz Burrell both guitarists?
On what river is the city where Stade 24 Novembre is located situated on?
What was the Roud Folk Song Index of the nursery rhyme inspiring What Are Little Girls Made Of?
The album that contains the song "Get Together" by Madonna was mainly recorded in whose home studio?
Who was the  "King of Denmark, the Vends and the Goths, elected King of Norway's" brother?
Where is the University of North Carolina at Wilmington, population 112,067 located?
Who is older Charles R. Black Jr. or Paul Manafort?
Rowland Salley's best-known tune is "Killing the Blues", which has been most recently covered by which American singer-songwriter active mainly in the outlaw country music and Southern rock genres?
What town did Moe Sedway have success in after Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel's murder?
Both Ralph Bakshi and Béla Gaál had what roll in film making?
What was Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi's title during the Libyan Civil War?
What was the slogan  that came about from the idea of Lebensraum which had its most extreme form supported by the Nazi Party until the end of World War II?
Which company had a ten year contract with the anti-hero from Escape From New York played by Kurt Russel? 
What political party was the 6th governor of Hawaii that passed bills to help with global warming in Hawaii?
What, known as AAS, is commonly used in bodybuilding?
The 45th president of the United States did what to the Grand Hyatt New York?
O'Halloran Hill in South Australia has a suburb of what town, with a population of over 12000 people?
The current home ground of the Salford Red Devils was built for what season?
John Hatzistergos was a Member of a council that has how many members ?
Who was a supporting cast member of King Rat and was knighted in February 2001?
The Swallow Bluff Island Mounds is a Mississippian culture archaeological site that is located in this river which was once known by what name?
What nymph may have a mother who fell in love with Narcissus?
Does Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana or Donatos Pizza have more locations?
What former president of ABC television is a high ranking officer in the same company as Christine Mccarthy?
Q: Who was born first Richard Boleslawski or Herschell Gordon Lewis?
How long did The Shire of Flinders, which encompassed the extremity of the Mornington Peninsula located south-east of Melbourne, Australia, exist?
The community that contains Downtown Summerlin occupies how many acres?
Alan Schechter supervised a woman with her senior thesis entitled what
What is the nationality of the man who finished second for ART Grand Pix in the 2016 Baku GP2 Series round?
Mis'ry's Comin' Aroun is by an American librettist that won how many Tony Awards? 
WHICH GROUP OF PEOPLE NICKNAMED THE US ARMYS REGIMENT "BUFFALO SOLDIERS" IN WHICH THOMAS SHAW WON THE MEDAL OF HONOR DURING THE INDIAN WARS?
Multiculturalism in the Netherlands reached new heights following the murder in 2002, in part, with what Dutch politician, civil servant, socialogist and professor who formed his own party?
What is the British acceptation of the type of sedan the Maruti Suzuki Dzire is? 
Which team's 2013-2014 season had players including a Slovenian who plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions?
Where is the company that Sachin Warrier worked for as a software engineer headquartered? 
Are The Man from Snowy River II and Miracle of the White Stallions filmed in different countries?
Who acquired a luxury hotel and casino in Las Vegas? 
What are the publishing years of this American and New York based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S., where April Bernard worked as senior editor?
Was Pocahontas made before Born in China?
Umi-a-Liloa inherited authority of a kind which is a belief in what?
What station is 3 miles away from the railway station that was used in the film "Brief Encounter"?
What was the Steven Seagal film Under Siege Oscar nominated for?
 Still Reigning is a live performance DVD that showcases an album described by Kerrang! as what?
How are Ceephax Acid Crew  and Squarepusher's music similar?
What is the name of the company which acquired, in 2008, the world's largest beer producer that broke a distribution aggreement with Shangy's?
What occupation do Henry Moore and John Wesley have in common?
Which racecar driver who performed in the 1971 Canadian Grand Prix was born in 1937?
What city, located in Lincoln County, Montana, United States, is Vegepet based in?
What occupations are shared by Maher Sabry and Til Schweiger?
The Devonshire Club was named in honor of which British landowner and politician?
What superhero is followed in the American comic book series that started as a horror comics anthology and introduced the fictional realm based on Norse mythology?
What are the names of the brothers of the special effects supervisor, known for his work on the films based on the Marvel Comics superhero team?
Which band was formed earlier: Marianas Trench or Tse Tse Fly?
What was Rosario Dawson of Josie and the Pussycats film debut
Which breed, Chinese Chongqing Dog or Kanni, is used for hunting?
Who had the lowest vocal range in Cosmos?
What is the birthplace of the musician responsible for creating The Motion Makes Me Last?
What is name of the city in Istanbul which has both Column of the Goths and Gül Mosque?
What Indian government tag was given to the handicraft known for making simple loose clothing worn over the shoulders?
Which  French ace pilot and adventurer fly L'Oiseau Blanc
What star of a Matthew Senreich and Zeb Wells comedy was born in July of 1983?
The television director and producer that won a Daytime Emmy Award for work on American television special that airs on Christmas Day on ABC won and Emmy Award for what? 
The facility where Robert Croft worked as a navy instructor was also known as?
Where was the device that is similar to Princess max released?
The Church at Hoxne was dedicated to Edmund the Martyr who was the king of where?
In which six Western European territories have Celtic languages or cultural traits survived?
ElvenQuest is a comic fantasy broadcast that stars what English actress who is the wife of Lord Frederick Windsor, and who is formally referred to as what?
Nell Williams Plays a younger version of this Character in HBO's Game of thrones that is also in Which fantasy novel Series written by George R.R. Martin?
 Om and SIx Organs of Admittance are both what?
What legend that lends its name to a modern medical term, inspired the plot of the horror film Ghostkeeper?
A Big Daddy is a fictional character in a series that has sold more than how many copies? 
Where is Greensky Bluegrass band's home and location of where they created their first album?
The American actor Chip Zien is best known for this Broadway production by which American composer and lyricist who received an Academy Award and Tony Awards?
What other female rappers appeared Brittany Nicole Carpentero in the official remix to My Chick Bad?
Which publication is older, the Stanford Chaparral or Dime Magazine? 
Who was born first Václav Havel or Penelope Fitzgerald?
Is Ohio State University or California State University, Dominguez Hills further west?
John ruskin named his album due to a removal of what?
who was the anthropologist who thought that the plaster casts that were discovered by Paul Freeman were a critical piece of evidence?
How did the prominent member of the Astor family who was a lieutenant colonel in the Spanish-American War die?
Who designed the building that the 58th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards were held in?
What city and nation was the location of the 2015 Pacific Games where the Kiribati national basketball team finished with a 0-4 record?
What family are the genus' Sinofranchetia and Stauntonia from?
In 2008, who were the two actors stared along with a South Korean actor, singer, and model who won best actor in five prestigious award ceremonies.
Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle and Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp are hip-hop music videos that feature what film genre?
Besides dísir, what is another Nordic term for a ghost?
What is type of philosophies is The Structure of Liberty about?
Where does the region where Jews supported by Kolel Chibas Jerusalem are from get its name?
 What team does the oldest son play for, from the family whose middle son plays for the Chicago Bulls and the mother and father and third son all played basketball.
What is the birthday of the oldest among Vicente García and Ximena Sariñana?
Which company owns the hotel on whose premises the Cotal Arena is located ?
The eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world is located in what theme park?
What kind of movie directed by F. Javier gutierrez did an Italian model and actress star in?
How many times was the writer, who invited Hu Lanqi to meet him in Moscow, a nominee for the Nobel Prize in Literature ? 
Which man, Ibn Tufail or Ali Qushji, is best known for the development of astronomical physics independent from natural philosophy?
What color clothing do people of the Netherlands wear during Oranjegekte or to celebrate the national holiday Koningsdag? 
On what street was the hotel located where the fire happened that ranked one above the MGM Grand fire in severity?
Socialist conferences were held with what countries that opposed the Central Powers in the First World War?
Which Canadian corporation, founded in March, 1994, is a major tenant of the Station Mall is Sault Ste. Marie? 
The FIBT World Championships 1960 took place in a town located in which part of Italy ?
Jal Pari, which translated in another language refers to which legendary creature which are sometimes associated with perilous events such as floods, storm,s shipwrecks, and drownings?
After whom was the area, where  The Phillips Collection is located, named ?
Are both Stanley Elkin and Anne Lamott non-fiction writers? 
Ambrose Mendy has managed and/or advised a British professional boxer that as of July 2017 is ranked the world's seventh best super middleweight by who?
Which will be higher Time Warner Center or One Manhattan Square ?
Where did the Discovery Channel show franchise that Ben Bailey is an executive producer on originate from?
Sachem Central School District encompasses the CDPs that include the hamlet in which New York county?
The Bellagio resort owned by MGM Resorts international is located in which US city?
For which University did the quarterback featured on the cover of Madden NFL 06 play basketball ?
Who died last Vladimir Arnold or Georg Cantor?
The National symbols of Albania are used in this part of Serbia that are composed of which municipalities?
The football manager who recruited David Beckham managed Manchester United during what timeframe?
Gabriela Mistral and Alan Sillitoe were both in what profession?
Who was born first Cid Corman or Elswyth Thane?
Students from approximately how many nations attend the University from which Shawn Arévalo McCollough received his Masters of Education ?
The documentary about the first direct challenge to teaching intelligent design first aired on what station?
When did the the Antonine who was known as the third of the five good emperors live?
Who starred as an American attorney in Grey Gardens?
What Cuban preisdent overthrew Mary Tarrero-Serrano?
What type of tours does the host of Tosh.0 conduct?
Reima Karppinen won a silver medal in the double sculls at the Rowing Championships held in what German city?
What job did Newt Gingrich have prior to producing Nine Days that Changed the World?
What was the occupation of the man who published an individualist anarchist journal?
Both the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League knockout phase  and 011 UEFA Champions League Final were held at what London stadium?
Which of Kylian Hazard's older brothers plays for the German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Belgium national team.
What sports club based in Hamburg Germany had a Persian born football player who played for eight seasons?
Who produced the 2004 major release sequel of Shrek 2?
The extended play (EP) "Calibraska" by the American pop-rap duo Jack & Jack, known for their 2014 single "Wild Life," is a portmanteau of what two U.S. states?
Kresy, which roughly was a part of the land beyond the so-called Curson Line, was drawn for what reason?
What type of beliefs does Mount Ida and Rhea have in common?
What 3 countries are part of the legal name of the airline that merged with Braathens in 2004?
Step Up 2: The Streets is the sequel to the dance film directed by whom?
In between Hymenosporum and Agrostemma which one is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum?
What famous pawn shop do Richard Kevin Harrison and Core Harrison own?
What sport does America's first openly gay, actively playing, professional team sport athlete play?
Which of the starting pitchers for Team USA in the Baseball at the 2000 Summer Olympics was not born August 29, 1977?
Was 9/11: Press for Truth released prior to Chasing Coral?
The fictional private detective that appears in "The Adventure of the Seven Clocks" what written by whom?
What episode did Mona Penelope Simpson  on the animated show "The Simpsons"die?
How many species of Hawaiian hibiscus do not have white flowers?
Maggie May is a musical based on a folk song about a prostitute who robbed whom?
What actor starred with Virginia Katherine McMath in Star of Midnight?  
Who published the film magazine that Peter Biskind was executive editor of from 1986 to 1996?
What is the name of the so-called reform opera for Vienna that came before the one first performed in Vienna in the presence of Empress Maria Theresa?
Which director has had the greater impact on French culture, Jean Vigo or Sri Lankabhimanya Lester James Peries?
Edward Fitzalan-Howard, 18th Duke of Norfolk is the son of what British Army general and peer
What is the alleged rank of the mafioso who ran the Chicago Outfit with John DiFronzo, Joseph Andriacchi, Angelo LaPietra and ames Marcello?
Janet Williams has performed with an internationally recognized solo pianist whose recordings have earned him five what?
To which place was this Irish convict portrayed by Oscar Redding in "Van Diemen's Land" transported for theft?
Which university offers more campuses in the Philippines, Fairleigh Dickinson University or the Western Institute of Technology?
Edwyn Collins and Ian Gillan both have which profession in common?
James Leal Greenleaf worked on a monument located where? 
What were the nations after 1722 that composed a culture that was extensively studied by William N. Fenton?
when was Quiet in Heaven/Song of Liberty recorded?
The House of Hanover held the British throne until after Victoria's death, when it was past to the dynasty that ruled which duchy?
Which film was was made first The Young Black Stallion or Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken?
Who is the head of state of the territory where the Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque is located??
What company founded in 1886 has owned the K-Y brand?
Trilochanapala, last king of the Kabul Shahi dynasty, ruled in the site of which modern country?
Which plane has seen more combat, the Northrop F-15 Reporter or the Northrop P-61 Black Widow?
What where both Hawker Hurricane and No. 1455 Flight apart of?
Mike Welch attended high school that serves how many students ?
What year was the inventor of Rejuvelac born?
the work of The Last Poets and Gil Scott Heron inspired music that fits under what larger sub-genre?
What type of art does The Consul and Arlecchino have in common?
Is Ashland, New Hampshire or Plymouth Regional High School located near the Scribner-Fellows State Forest?
Are Werther and The Odyssey both operas?
Where was Nexon who was composed by Adam Gubman located at?
who is older, Maria Sharapova or Chanda Rubin?
When did the predecessor of The Eyes of Nye first air?
Which is located in India, University of the Philippines or The Northcap University?
Which agreement resulted from multi-party talks held in St Andrews in Fife, Scotland and was opposed by the Concerned Republicans?
What wrestling team is Mathew Thomas Rehwoldt a part of?
What is the full name of the viral respiratory disease in which Yi Guan's research helped to prevent the outbreak of?
When did the character on Grey's Anatomy, played by the same actor who portrayed Rev James Lawson in "Lee Daniel's The Butler", debut?
Which band has more members, Chvrches or Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie?
The Governor of Santiago del Estero is a citizen of the province that is neighbored by which province on the north?
Both Tsai Ming-liang and Giacomo Gentilomo were involved with which profession?
Dunstan is an electoral district that includes which suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters?
"Big for Your Boots" is a song by an English grime and hip hop artist whose most  successful song to date is what?
Which Arab World's car was  used in a  American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan?
Dulce Maria García Rivas took part in a "Mask vs. Hair" match with which female wrestler at Guerra de Titanes?
Which City in the Miami metropolitan area is home to the Primetime Race Group?
The film Navakoti Narayana was based on the life of Purandara Dasa who was born in what year?
What, in 2011, was the estimated population of the city from which Numidia TV broadcasts
What is the airport code for the Vilnius Airport that ceased operations in 2015?
Which store in Gurney Paragon was founded in Belgium in 1926?
What was the benefit of reintroducing piston power and replacing the most popular turboprop engine in history?
What is another name for the people that the Torra di Tizzà was created to protect against?
In 2017, what was 3/4th of the organization that also has a Center for Veterinary Medicine as well as part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, spent on?
How many albums have been sold by the band who was supported by Iron Maiden on their World Wide Blitz Tour?
To which competition did the University at Albany, SUNY send a Puerto Rican hurdler and sprinter?
Which Equerry to a British monarch was married to a Marchioness Camden?
What uprising did Sean Heuston take part in and executed at Kilmainham Gaol for?
What is the nationality of the actor who was a leading man of Michèle Mercier and born on November 3, 1921?
Who had more of their English novels turned into Oscar-nominated films, Raja Rao or Pat Conroy?
What is the nickname of the peninsula that is home to the Calabrian Black Squirrel?
What is the species of animal which the town of Antelope, Kansas was named after?
Which other film did one of the supporting cast in "Sleepless in Seattle" appear?
What position did the 2004 World Series of Poker gold bracelet holder have in the 2011 Epic Poker League?
What did the second First Lady to be born outside the United States or areas that would become part of the United States do before marrying?
Which of the songs that outperformed "Drive" was most successful in the United States?
Were both Ernst Messerschmid and Reinhold Ewald ESA astronauts?
What is the nickname of the county in Northern Ireland where the Tandragee killings took place?
Mazda's Mazda6 belongs to which country's car manufacturer?
Are PC Magazine and Sculptural Pursuit both technology publications?
Which Royal Air Force is located in a town that had a population of 2,841 on 15 April 2012?
Where does Śivarāma Swami conduct courses on Vaishnava Theology?
The Oera Linda Book is a manuscript written in a language spoken between what centuries?
Where is the first major improved highway located?
What collegiate division does the team coached by P.W. Underwood play in?
In which election did Norm Coleman won to become the last republican elected as of 2017?
Jon S. Cardin is the nephew of a senator who has been in office since when ?
What ranks does Jerry Kyd wear while captaining the largest warship ever built for the Royal Navy?
Which film was directed by Wayne Coles-Janess, Tender Fictions or Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight?
Stephen Graham starred in a film in 2006, directed by whom?
When did the Italian luxury fashion house which Daas has appeared in campaigns for brands like founded
What is the genre of music shared by vocalists Barney Greenway and Jens Kidman?
What title did the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland give to Jeremiah Meyer?
Seven years before the opening of the Brewer Fieldhouse in Columbia, Missouri, where was Chester Brewer working as head football coach and head basketball coach?
Where does the story take place in 1988 film The Moderns?
Who was the head coach of the Georgia Tech football team that finished the regular season with the same record as the 1981 team?
What Electoral Division in Victoria contained a suburb of Melbourne with a population of 25,147 at the 2016 Census?
In what county are the Wichita Wild based in?
Armie Hammer stars as Oliver in a film directed by who ?
What is the electric racing series British race car driver Alex Lynn drives for and is owned by Virgin Group?
What group of languages is the surname Gref, meaning "Grave," taken from?
Has Entrepreneur had a longer lifespan than Optimize?
George Reed was, along with which Drake University player, one of the greatest running backs in CFL history?
Who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa, Mavra, and whose music made a lasting international impression as a Russian composer?
What American broadcasting company broadcasted the comedy show hosted by Emma Willmann?
What writer is older, Bernard Malamud or Lois McMaster Bujold?
What class of yamaha class sport bike motorcycle did Ryuji Yokoa use when he finished as champion in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP250 Championship in 2006?
What is the name of shipping magnate Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller' father?
What award did both Victor Heerman and Lloyd Corrigan win?
Did Qionghai or Suining  have a population of 658,798 in 2002? 
How many households does the network that Di-Gata Defenders plays on in South Africa reach?
In which part of New York was the singer who released the song No Problem raised ?
Which of these universities, Northwestern University or Johns Hopkins University, have a campus outside of the United States territories?
Was Suzanne Chun Oakland a member of the upper of lower chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature?
What famous composer leveraged microtonal music and unconventional methods of musicianship to create his contemporary reknown?
Are TEC-1 and Dubna 48K are based on the same processor?
Å is part of the alphbet used in which group of Upper German dialects?
What was the Canadian movie called in Italy that stared a professional American football defensive end of the National Football League along with Michael Ironside?
For which team does Mads Bødker player that is controlled by Danmarks Ishockey Union?
This Australian racing driver currently drives the No. 22 Holden VF Commodore produced by Holden Commodore which manufactures what other models?
How many students were enrolled in American professional bowler Chris Barnes' high school in the 2010-2011 school year?
What type of movies are 101 Dalmatians and G-Force?
What was the book that was centered around a rule that is expressed algebraically, or quantities "a" and "b" with "a" > "b" > 0?
Wilm Hosenfeld assisted the pianist and composer of what nationality survive during 1944?
Ross Pople worked with this French dominant figure of the post-war classical music world.
What type of media does Bitter Jester and Sicko have in common?
Who was the eldest brother of the Mexican drug trafficker born 12 March 1952?
Was California State University, Dominguez Hills founded before or after Pacific Lutheran University?
The title track of Carla Bruni discography was used in a  film directed by James Ivory, and was also used in what other film?
Which tennis player is older, Emilio Sánchez or Andrei Olhovskiy?
Does Erodium or Cymbidium include more species?
Who wrote Bring Me Sunshine and where did they write it?
Which character does this protagonist, who secretly loves and marries a member of the rival house, of William Shakespeare's tragedy that has a fictional character Benvolio slay?
What band did both Delores Holmes and an inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame sing in?
The brother of Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl served as what position in World War II?
Hall of Fame Racing was created by Troy Aikman, Bill Saunders, and which Dallas Cowboys quarterback known as "Captain Comback"?
Church of All Saints, Doddinghurst is part of the state church led by which person?
Who is older Danny Green or James Worthy?
Which of the people that helped Max Hoffmann do defeat the Russia army was born on 9 April 1865?
Who was born first, Susan Oliver or W. S. Van Dyke?
Which castles, besides Bamburgh Castle, are located on the northeast coast of England?
Which piece did Ludwig van Beethoven publish in 1801 that was dedicated to Count Moritz von Fries? 
Which airport Pago Pago International Airport or Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport is closer to the central business district of their local community ?
Which organization has been led by the overseer of the Renewable Heat Incentive Scandal since 2003?
What military formation were participated in by both Oscar W. Koch and General George Smith Patton Jr. ?
Which award did the Tunisian-Dutch actor that starred in Collide win? 
Edward Marszewski is the editor-in-chief of Lumpen, who is the editor-in-chief of Saveur?
Which building is taller Bertelsmann Building or 432 Park Avenue?
WHere are both Sanming and Jiutai District located?
Which black comedy sequel to "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" starred an Australian actress?
Leonard Whiting played the tragic hero of Romeo and Juliet in the film version by which director?
What season of the Indian reality TV series "Big Boss" did the model Lopamundra Raut compete in?
What was the name of the band of Confederate army deserters in the 2016 movie starring Matthew McConaughey, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, and Keri Russell?
What do Susan Stafford and Vanna White have in common?
Which sister of Margarita "Peggy" Schuyler Van Rensselaer is sometimes called Betsey?
What three categories does income get levied under the Parliament of Australia's tax code?
C.J. Hunter was tested positive for which type of injected steroid before he competed in the 2000 Summer Olympic Games?
What single was released by a American country singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist on MCA Nashville in 2000?
Whose brother was a king of the East-Saxons?
Eleventh Dream Day and The Shins are both rock bands from where?
From what nation is the football player who was named Man of the Match at the 2001 Intercontinental Cup?
What do Josef Veltjens and Hermann Goering have in common?
Which member of The New Russian School was both a doctor and a chemist besides being a composer?
what movie starring Melissa McCarthy features a character named Slimer?
Petroglyphs on Ingaro isalnd indicate it has been innhabited since an era that lasted until what year?
An actor who appeared in all eight "American Pie Films" stared alongside which actor in Armed and Dangerous? 
Though one castle is on an Isle and the other on a ridge, what to they share in common regarding their locations? 
The Sanders-Brown Center on Aging was funded by a grant from a businessman known for what restaurant chain?
In 2001, Hampton Pirates men's basketball defeated a second seed team that was coached by who ?
What European championship did the man that holds a record with John Boulger win twice?
When was Leeds no longer called Elmet?
Casino and Culto A La Vida are cocktails, one of which contains Havana Club 7 and what else?
Where will the student which pass the exam  for which Le Rêve de Rico has to pass progress to? 
What was the population during the 2000 census of the town in Sagadahoc County, Maine that had a population of 3,411 during the 2010 census?
The Bachelor was based on what novel written by an Austrian author?
What is the relation between current manager of Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian and Paolo Cannavaro?
Woman's Era and Naj are what kind of magazines?
In Ancient Egyptian religion how would a citizen be weighted to decide if they where worthy of damnation and would face the torment in the lake of fire ?
The brewing company known for making Genny Light, a beer with only 100 calories per 12 ounce portion, and located along the Genesee River, was formerly known by what brewery name?
The Dressing Point massacre occurred 2 years after which important document was passed in Mexican Texas?
Is Carnegie Hall Tower located in the same city as Staten Island?
What is the name of the 1988 film starring Gene Bervoets that was based on the Dutch to English translated novel, "The Vanishing"?
Which bi-weekly publication ranked Schreiber Foods as number 81 in 2016.
Both Tim Conlon and Kehinde Wiley have what type of occupation?
Which player Richard Gasquet or Jim Pugh  has won more mixed double Grand Slam titles ?
How big is the campus of the University that Ben Bahan is a professor at ?
What space mission is the Rear Admiral astronuat born 1923 known for?
Who was born first Dame Zara Kate Bate or Harold Edward Holt?
A holdout is an accessory used by cheats in order for them to recieve what?
Which record producer from Stockbridge, Georgia is the lead singer of Collective Soul?
What is the population of the town that gets it's water supply from Canobie Lake?
What city in the Philippines is home to the Robinsons Galleria and the 4th largest shopping mall in the world?
What type of arts that have existed since ancient times did the Stieber Twins specialize in?
What country does Haringey Heartlands and The Mall Wood Green have in common?
What team won the XLII super bowl in their 48th overall season?
What is another name for a forest which has the hamlet of Oakenclough on the edge of it?
Who was the great grandfather of Franklin Seaver Pratt's wife?
where is a  football club which Aly Mohamed play for from 
What team that is a member of the America East Conference played in the championship game in 2009?
Who was born first, Chester Bennington or Mikael Stanne?
Who is younger, Billy Idol or Ray Wilson?
Which plant genus is part of a family with a longer name, Morning glory or Rothmannia?
What is the approximate population of the town near which Forward Operating Base Gibraltar was located ?
Which genus has more species, Bactris and Epigaea?
What Canadian actor starred in a film released on June 14th,2011?
What other jobs did the actress Olivia Munn from Mortdecai have?
Who won Miss America 2013, which was the 86th Miss America pageant held at the PH Live in Las Vegas?
Were Frank Tashlin and George Kuchar both animators?
What is the population of the county Rockingham County which Little Bay Bridge meet the river between it
Which civilization instigated a war with Rome and significantly influenced the Latin language?
On what album is Samuel "Sam" Ervin Beam's cover of "Such Great Heights" featured?
Which novelist, J. G. Farrell or Louis Aragon, wrote of the political and human consequences of his country's colonial rule?
Where are schools in the athletic association Cardinal Hayes High School is part of located?
Were both Life magazine and Strictly Slots magazine published monthly in 1998?
WLMW is licensed to a city in which county?
Are both movies Nerdcore Rising and What Would Jesus Buy? focused on similar topics?
Which song by Last One Picked appeared in a 2004 American teen musical comedy film directed by Sara Sugarman?
What UAE stadium was the venue for the 2016 Pakistan Super League opening ceremony?
Both Neijiang and Weifang and considered what type of city?
Imran Khan has worked in what type of films refering to the Pashto Language film industry?
Which canal is located further North, Beaver and Erie Canal or the Dismal Swamp Canal?
Frank Sindone helped plot the murder of a family mob boss, What was this boss's nickname ?
What pistol cartridge was the original cartridge for the service pistol produced by a German arms manufacturer between 1896 and 1937?
Darryl Kubian's "O for a Muse of Fire" is based upon the events surrounding which historical battle? 
This term about a playwright who lived from 1564-1616 presented what about his works? 
Calling All Dawns includes the theme for the game "Civilization IV," written by whom?
Was the Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel or the Contra Costa Canal completed in an earlier year?
Blue Dwarf is what type of online text-based role-playing game?
At which level of French football does the football team named after the manager of France national team play?
Who is the father of the king that defeated the The forces of Olaf and Constantine
Who are the executive producer of the Adult Swim skit show that Odd Future had?
On what kind of field did the team led by head coach Joe Harasymiak play?
Are Todd Haynes and Chris Columbus of the same nationality?
Which football team does Lewis Young's older brother, Ashley Young, play for?
Richford is a town in Franklin County Vermont governed by what kind of body?
What kind of species on the Indonesian island of java might participate in a Rampokan.
When did the Disney sitcom in which Genevieve Knight "G" Hannelius starred as Avery Jennings end?
Are both Frank Lloyd and Olivier Assayas American film directors?
Which one of Magna Publishing Group's tiles is a spinoff of the UK's Club International?
The Voyage is a wooden roller coaster located at a theme park divided into how many sections ?
King of Norway Magnus Barefoot launched aggressive military campaigns in this region that was at times independent of external control and was known to the Norse as what?
When was the American patriot Hamilton, New York Wass named after born?
What is the name of a member of the North Melbourne Football Club, whose brother Rob has starred in Bridgetowns Cricket Clubs Premiership in 2016/7?
What show does the host of The 2011 Teen Choice Awards ceremony currently star on?
What job did Jörgen Smit work, where he was working in the world center for the anthroposophical movement?
Richard Münch portrayed the German general who served in what capacity during WWII in the 1970 movie Patton?
Joe Ford played for which football club based out of Old Trafford?
Which technique did the director at Pzena Investment Management outline?
Nostie lies a short distance from one of Scotland's popular tourist attractions a small tidal island dominated by a picturesque castle that frequently apperas in what?
Name a member of a British-American supergroup who recored a version of Nobody's child in 1990
Near what ocean does the highway carried by the Long-Allen bridge terminate near?
which sultan of the Ottoman Empire was  Gevherhan Sultan her granddaughter 
What is the nickname of the city where Darling's Waterfront Pavilion is located?
William Hodges visited a polar region as part of a voyage, the region is how big?
What American composer born in 1937 pioneered minimal music?
Which road borders both Pacific Mall and Splendid China Mall ?
What multinational telecommunications company did Robert Orr work for?
What are the subdivisions of Neringa Municipality called in English?
Which of the seven Disney characters who had been given a series of their own, starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo  is a fictional character who first appeared in Disney's "Pinocchio"?
What city has had an NFL football team with the same name as a Los Angeles NFL team?
Which English singer from the 1960s has an album entitled Dangerous Acquaintances released in 1981?
What is the surname of the Italian composer of the works for which the baritone Giovanni Polese was celebrated?
Renamed in 2014, what was the vehicle offered as a prize to contestants on the first season of The Amazing Race Canada?
What type of submarine was the non-nuclear U-32?
William James "Count" Basie has an album that is a collection of musical pieces from what movie series?
What IBF Light Flyweight Championship winner was related to the Mexican boxer born on May 28, 1986 in Mexico City?
Cistus and Stapelianthus are both forms of what?
What arcade game is named after the only player in major league history to have a 0.300 batting average for 7 consecutive seasons?
Who holds the world record for jumping over 6 buses and appeared on the British television series "The Jump"?
Roden Brothers were taken over in 1953 by a group headquartered in which Canadian city ?
Who was the lead character designer on "Pepper Ann", and the creator of Cartoon Network's 13th "Cartoon Cartoons"?
Devorah Adler worked as Director of Research for a 2008 presidential candidate, who served until when in the U.S. Senate?
For what "first" was Ivory Lee Brown's nephew credited for in Heisman Trophy balloting?
What 1944 Bollywood film was the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda in?
What show did the co-creator with Chris Spencer of Wild 'N Out debut on?
What county was Matt Herr raised in?
How many months apart are Johan Mjällby and Neil Lennon in age?
Beyond the Hoax: Science, Philosophy, and Culture, is by what professor of mathematics at University College London?
The Nazi architect that was most rewarded and favoured by Adolf Hitler alongside Hermann Giesler held what type of ministerial office?
Are Skeptical Inquirer and The Progressive Populist both tabloid-style magazines?
What artistic endeavor do Fallujah and Dying Fetus have in common?
Who used a Barrack buster to shoot down a British Army Lynx helicopter
What position did Christian Albrecht Bluhme during the second military conflict as a result of the Schleswig-Holstein Question?
What is another name for the butterfly of the Hesperiidae family that is found in the third largest country in Africa?
How old was Virginia Bruce when she starred in Let Freedom Ring?
Who was older when they died, Teinosuke Kinugasa or Don O. Newland
Who served as a Prime Minister in postwar Britain?
What items are used to play both Lapta and Rounders?
Which tropical storm has been present in the Central Pacific Ocean but not in the western north Pacific Ocean?
Which band formed first Cha Cha Cohen or Swervedriver?
In what state did this band form that is an American metalcore band, founded in mid-2009, and whose lead vocalist was Jerry Roush?
Which son of Rick Barry was born first, Brent Robert Barry or Drew William Barry?
Smith Morrill was responsible for what advantage to Land-grant university?
Where was the set for the winner of the WD Weatherford Award in 1998?  
What other name is the Moor Park Mansion known as?
What did both Karel Bossart and Sergei Korolev design?
What type of forum did a former Soviet statesman initiate?
Graveraet River is a tributary of a lake that is shared between which US states ?
The people for whom pap is a staple food speak a language that is a major branch of what language family?
When was the colony William Bradford was governor of founded?
Was Vanderbilt University or Emory University founded first?
Which car brand was one step above the brand started on November 3, 1911?
What Metropolitan City was Massimo Giordano born in?
The music composer of the film Angaaray, Aadesh Shrivastava died from what at age 51?
Name the movie that was cowritten by Paul Rudd and the director of the 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring John Boyega, Nick Frost, Jodie Whittaker and Luke Treadaway.
The winner of the 1984 United States Senate election in Maine took on what political role from 1997-2001?
Which song, released on December 7, 2008 was co-written by Liz Rose?
Which number in the Final Fantasy series was created by Hiroyuki Ito and allows the player control of the artificial intelligence of the characters in battle?
Who has more victories Chelsea or Manchester United?
What relationship did Gordon Banks have to the person who killed American recording artist Marvin Gaye?
Who wrote the film, other than The Good Shepherd, in which Leonard Logsdail appeared as a tailor ?
When did the Romance languages of Slovenia evolver from Vulgar Latin?
What building in the capital of city of Brandenburg has a roof that is 1 m bigger than the roof of the Der Oderturm? 
Which band has released more albums with their original members, Sick Puppies or Third Eye Blind?
Bangalore Naatkal starred which actor and photographer?
 A business such as Eatza Pizza or Pizza Fusion, which have more then 10 locations are considered to be what?
The Church of England's Oxford Movement was opposed by a clergyman who wrote what type of literature?
Which band has more constant members, Lilys or Ratatat?
The We The People Amendment was introduced by the U.S. Representative for what congressional district?
Were the board games, Clans and Drunter und Drüber, both created by Leo Colovini?
Mexican Indignados Movement is a response to a war also known as?
What two positions did the man who broke Buzz Arlett's home run record play?
Barbara Streisand's 34th album Partners features a duet with which of her children?
Name three best sellers from Arthur Hailey that were released before Donna Tartt was born.
Which Outer Banks landmark and premiere BBQ restaurant has been featured in the magazine Southern Living?
Worker: What professional title to both Christopher Nolan and Paul Schrader boast?
What election will take place on the same day as the United States Senate election in Texas?
Isabella Kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain by who?
 No. 3 Elementary Flying Training School RAAF operated at an Airport during World War 2 that is closest to Which city center in Australia?
Who was the captain of the only battleship to provide gunfire support during the Vietnam War?
The Dying Swan is a famous solo associated with Anna Pavlova. Whose music is it based on?
What bluegrass singer provides vocals for a song on the album which was released in September 2013 through PRMD Music?
The Disney version of Ebenezer Scrooge was voiced by whom?
Which of the steering committee was an American broadcast journalist, best known as anchorman for the "CBS Evening News" for 19 years?
How many acts is the ballet Rita Sangalli premiered in, in the year 1876?
Red Bend Catholic College contributes 800 students of the 7,560 population of what central west region of south Wales, Australia town?
La Machine a ecirire was written by what French writer, designer, playright, artist, and filmmaker, who is known for his novel, "Les Enfants Terribles"?
David Burns is best known working for a radio service that covered what former English county?
VIVA Media AG changed it's name in 2004. What does their new acronym stand for?
What country is the member of Gujarat Legislative Assembly and parliament representing?
Who has a better career-high singles ranking Daniel Vacek or Fabio Fognini ?
Which team did Lars Lunde play for when defeated for the 1987 European Cup Final?
Erica Packer was the second wife of what Australian businessman?
Kent Dairy Round Barn is near the city in what Montana county?
Which field of studies did Semyon Aranovich Gershgorin and Anatoly Maltsev work in?
What production company was co-created by the lead singer of the band Poison?
Whose writing covered more topics, Alan Dean Foster or Samuel R. Delany?
Susan B. Landau's credits include a comedy sports film that was the last to be released during the life of who?
Scout Tufankjian and Daron Malakian are both what?
What rank was higher than Karl Hermann Frank's rank until April 1942?
Which season of Alias does the English actor, who was born 25 June 1961, appear?
A Troll in Central Park and All Dogs Go to Heaven were both directed by which person?
Who had more stable members of their band, X or The La's?
Lake Wales Ridge National Wildlife Refuge is on the US route that runs between a city in what Florida county?
Which gaming console was both Yakuza Kiwami and Yakuza 0 released on?
Who was also an actor, Serri or John Fogerty?
In addition to serving in the largest seaborne invasion in history, what is another military operation that Edmond Harjo served?
Who directed the film about the living funeral for Morrie Schwartz ?
The 249th episode of "The Simpsons" was aired on what date?
Which jobs do Jeff Tremaine and Keanu Reeves share?
Which semi-retired professional wrestler appeared in "Final Score?"
The actress who played Clementine Churchill in "The Crown"  joined the board of advisors for a theatre company began by who?
What is the name of the conditions that the radiologist who served as chief of radiology at the U.S. Army's flagship medical center from 1909 to 2011?
The Airport located next to the A13 handled how many passengers in 2016 ?
Where is the headquarters for the advertising agency which is recognized for its work on a campaign for the founder of "Complex" magazine?
The standard that defines Svalbard and Jan Mayen is similar to what standard that originated in the United Nations Statistics Division?
Which film does "Naked Weapon" follow in the "Naked" series?
In what city can a person find both the Nusretiye Clock Tower and the Eski Imaret Mosque be found?
With the help of Adam Lambert, Josh Abraham has sold how many albums worldwide?
What song by the American rapper Coolio is on his greatest hits album "Fantiastic Voyage" and samples from a Stevie Wonder song?
The Hindmarsh Stadium is sponsored by a brewery that sold how many liters of beer in 2013 ?
What movie character was based on the martial arts actor known as JCVD?
The American rock band from Ukiah, California in which Davey Havok and Adam Carson participate has made how many live albums?  
Cranium and Twin Tin Bots are both what?
Which filmmaker was known for animation, Lev Yilmaz or Pamela B. Green?
St Mary's School in Pune, India was run for over 100 years by what organization started by the Reverend William John Butler?
McLemore Avenue is to Booker T. & the M.G.s as what road in the city of Westminster in London is to the Beatles?
Luke Rockhold defeated the MMA fighter who was the first to earn a win against which champion in the UFC?
What was the air date of "The Simpsons" episode written by Matt Selman which parodied the VH1 series "Behind the Music"?
Are William James and Bret Easton Ellis both screenwriters?
John Paesano wrote which film for DreamWorks Dragons?
The Whitehead Light is located in what town with a population of 2,591 during the 2010 census?
What British singer-songwriter hosted the 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards?
Which maker of Robatumumab is American?
Rossiya Airlines in located in the largest what on earth?
Between Frederick King Keller and Ian Schneider, which filmmaker had more diverse job experiences?
Where is the transportation company that owns Talbot based in?
On what day did the battle that involved the Gin Drinkers Line end?
Which Argentine Marxist revolutionary, author, guerrilla leader, diplomat and military theorist did Arther Quinlan interview?
Who founded gaming company which owns and operates the Red Rock Resort?
To what group of plants do both Dieffenbachia and Carlina belong?
The Album Against the Wind was the 11th Album of a Rock singer Robert C Seger born may 6 1945. What was the Rock singers stage name ?
When was the Russian composer who composed "Prisoner of the Caucasus" born? 
What was the name of the lead character in the 1960s sitcom "Get Smart", which also featured an American actress born in 1933?
Where was the sitcom filmed that Judy Greer played Kitty Sanchez in?
What is the name of the statue whose replica have been created in many landmarks world-wide such as near Pont de Grenelle in Paris?
Jacques Sernas, actor in Fugitive in Trieste, was of what nationality?
Northland Mall was the first directionally-named shopping center in Columbus, 5 years before which shopping center at the intersection of US-40 and I-270?
What season three X Factor winner has worked with songwriter Ryan Tedder?
Which football player that topped the 10,000-yard career rushing mark has played for the New England Patriots?
Who is still with the group that covered "Leather-Winged Bat" in 1969?
Which FC Barcelona signee was a contender for the Rookie of the Year Award when he played for the Timberwolves?
1995's "Highest paid model" according to Forbes played a what in the film "Fair Game"?
Michael J. Hunter replaced the lawyer who became the administrator of which agency?
 Are Finding Kraftland and Shikashika both frozen drinks?
Which rebellion did Sir John Wedderburn and Charles Edward Stuart fight for that ended with defeat at the Battle of Culloden?
Dark Dungeons is based on what short gospel tracts by a religious cartoonist?
Many right wing WNP were  connected to a clandestine operation ran by a "stay-behind"  operation ran by what organization?
Who died second, Averroes or Ibn Taymiyyah?
The remaining two seasons of Kenan & Kel were filmed at which stage facility located at 6230 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California?
Which composer created Night Ferry first performed in 2012 at Symphony Center in Chicago?
What college teamdid the point guard that led the way for Philedlphia 76ers in the 2017-18 season play basketball in?
What star of "Attack of the Gryphon" was also a voice artist in Johnny Bravo?  
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Boyle's Thirty Acres was located?
Where is the American Hockey League, that Dan Frawley played in, located?
Who is younger, Martin Luther King III or his brother Dexter?
What is the name of one the Italian Navy's new warship?
What is the uppermost age range for the sort of fiction written by Alexander Gordon Smith?
St Anne's Academy is an 11–18 mixed comprehensive academy is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2011 ?
Straight to Hell was the first ever country music release to merit this what organization's Parental Advisory label?
As former head of Orange County Ironworks, what has his hit TLC show called?
Where is the historic meeting venue built in a style taught at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts?
Which American pro basketball player who won gold at the 2008 Summer Olympics was signed by the Utah Jazz during the 2005-05 offseason?
Which author influenced the animated Easter television special "The First Easter Rabbit"? 
Who held the record for the longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman, and was surpassed by  a former Australian politician who was the 29th Speaker of the House of Representatives?
What American agronomist that worked on The Green Revolution won a Nobel Peace Prize?
Zakk Wylde and Damon Albarn are both what?
Do both Korematsu v. United States and Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire cases regard the rights of U. S. citizens?
The Norse-Gaels language emerged from the intermarriage of the Norsemen and what other ethnic group?
Where are Neoregelia and Aloysia known to grow
Who were the producers of the show for which Chris McKay made his feature film directorial debut?
Who wrote the 2009 American home invasion horror film which Andrea Roth was known for her role in 
What was the formal name of the building that housed the scene that formed the band Hjertestop?
What was the profession of elder brother who born on January 24, 1984?
which star of Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth was born on November 16, 1991 ?
What is the current model of the iconic mascot co-created by Harold Bell?
Rolls-Royce Welland's name is taken from this river that is low long
When was the actor in the CW show developed by Greg Berlanti who also appears in "Gods and Generals" born?
Four presidents including the 26th president Theodore Roosevelt were featured in the 60ft sculpture in the granite face of Mount Rushmore which was sculpted by what sculptor?
What actor starred in "Word of Honor" and "Miami Vice"? 
Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield is a type of secondary school that caters to children of what age cohort?
Red Mountain is a film that centers on an attempt by a group of what group of Civil War rangers?
Where was the company, of which David DeVoe is Chief Financial Officer, ranked in the world, in 2014, in terms of revenue, against similar types of company ?  
What career did Markus Feehily and Bobby Fuller have in common?
What was the Volvo S70 essentially modeled after and was the first all wheel drive Volvo?
What British novelist born in November 1898 wrote Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life?
Theme Park Inc is a video game that created what sequel in North America in 1999?
What was the name of Scottish singer-songwriter James Aaron Diamond's first solo album that debuted in 1985?
Minneapolis hip hop collective member that released album in 2006?
Which is the Birthplace of Sir Isaac Newton and has a neighboring village called Belvor?
What series did Tom Mandrake collaborate on that was based on a fictional superhero?
Which characters are akin to goblins and were added to a Tilted Mill Entertainment video game in 2009?
Of the two men who ousted Mussolini which one was born in 1871?
Where is the company that created Doravirine ( from?
Who is the cofounder of Big Gates Records that collaborated with DJ Khaled on his second album “We the Best”?
What computer was released earlier, Gradiente Expert or LNW-80?
Which song that John Kirby scored  is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry?
South Dade High School is located between what two national parks?
White love was what number of single created by a record label est in 2008 by Kim Shi Dao?
Which North American tribe inhabited the banks of the Winnipesaukee River and were also known as the Pawtucket people?
In what country did Petrus van Hooijdonk compete in for the 1998 FIFA World Cup?
Was the film Splash released before the film Tangled? 
Which direction do both the M1 and the M6 Motorways travel?
What airline was a monopoly with a hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport?
Where is the summer retreat the American mining engineer, inventor, and self-made member of fashionable society and his wife, who was a survivor of the "RMS Titanic"?
What year did the person who beat Alex Clark for mayor in 1967 stop serving as a US senator?
Which genus has more species, Lantana or Silybum?
What actor replaced the Welch actor born in 1978 who played Robin Hood in the first season of "Once upon a Time"?
What band member that released "Darkhorse" gave the vocals to "Starry Eyed Surprise"?
Ralph Faudree served as the American equivalent to what United Kingdom and Australian position?
What is the home town of a woman who guest-starred on Thug Mentality 1999?
"The Parasite" is a kind of text that has how many words?
What is the population of the city in Colombia where Carlos Vieco Ortiz was born?
Are 9 DeKalb Avenue and New York World Building both skyscrapers in Brooklyn?
The HTC U11 major carrier is Sprint, but it can be unlocked for this Texas company that is world's largest telecommunications provider? 
What film debut in 2006 with a South Korean actress born in 1972?
In relation to Rome, where was the city whose king was the father of Ocnus?  
The tap dancing soloist in My Feet Keep Dancing also starred in what 1935 MGM musical?
Blackamoor, Lancashire lies near the banks of what river?
Who was the ruler ousted by the 30th Prime Minister of Cambodia after Khmer Rouge's victory over the Lon Nol government?
What was Richard Connell's best known work The Hounds of Zaroff also published as?
The actor who played captain hook in Peter Pan Live! won the academy award for which film ?
The Sentinelese language is the language of people of one of which Islands in the Bay of Bengal?
In modern history of Syria this kingdom lasted for only four months, this kingdom surrendered to who?
Which American popular music and country music singer recorded J. D. Souther song 
Which band was formed first, Wavves or Social Code?
Why did the Japanese occupy the westernmost and largest island in the Near Islands group?
Who died more recently, Ferdinand Anton Ernst Porsche or Ferdinand Porsche
What novel is a followup the Heir to the Empire trilogy?
What English professional football club, won the 1994 European Cup? Arsenal
John E. EchoHawk is a leading member in a social movement that wants to reverse what ?
Who has released more solo albums, Ozzy Osbourne or Curt Smith?
What does the goddess associated with the goddess frigg  consists of what tales?
Beena Sarwar is the editor of a peace initiative sponsored by a newpaper based in what city?
What other political position did the person who introduced the DISCLOSE Act hold?
What is the English translation of the noodle similar to Taglierini that is not tagliatelle?
What kind of film was the film who featured Auli'i Cravalho?
What are the names of the co-directors of the psychological horror film starring Emily Browning and Elizabeth Banks?
In what month is the annual documentary film festival, that is presented by the fortnightly published British journal of literary essays, held? 
Do The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions belong to different film genres ?
What king was the intended victim of the plot that Thomas Arundell was briefly suspected of being a part of the same year he became the 1st Baron Arundell of Wardour?
This Celtic ruler who was born in AD 43 ruled southeastern Britain prior to conquest by which empire?
Who is the mother of the princess who opened Middleton Grange Shopping Centre in 1970?
Barnstable County Hospital was the location of the autopsy of the son of President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of who?
What composer with an Italian libretto was born 4 March 1678?
Which county is Jollyville, Texas located in that had a population of 1,024,266 as of the 2010 census?
Jacques Mathou starred in Delicatessen, the 1991 French movie in the style of which celebrated American animator?
What film studio produced both National Treasure and The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes?
The was the album with the song  Unbelievable by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G released?
Which movie was based on a book, The Haunted Mansion orThe Greatest Game Ever Played? 
Ho Iat Seng  is a member of a legislative assembly that has how many members ?
Are Trent Edwards and Lucy Saroyan both football players?
Which Olympic game featured Boules and happened right before medals started to be awarded?
What actress and and writer starred with Jennifer Saunders in bothe "The Supergrass" and "French and Saunders"?
Which late 1980s and 1990s English super model was featured in the song nasty girl by The Notorious B.I.G.?
Ashes in the Snow is a World War II drama based on a best-seller novel that was translated to how many languages ?
The castle where "Spook Squad" was filmed is in what part of Scotland?
What is the original surname for the actor who sang "It's a De-Lovely" in the 1962 revival of "Anything Goes"?
The Polar Bear and Daiquiri are both examples of what?
In 2011 what was the population of the town where Deep Purple were formed ?
Which player played for Nova Southeastern Sharks, MIlwaukee Brewers and Houston Astros?
Which film was produced first, Dangal or The Man from Snowy River II?
The Midland Regional Hospital in managed by what cabinet that exercises executive authority in the Republic of Ireland?
Falling Stars is a role-playing game published by the company based out of what country?
Who has lived longer in the USA, Ulli Lommel or Benjamin Stoloff?
When was the female character that on June 9, 2015 was promoted to a series regular first introduced on "Once Upon a Time"?
How many students attend the Swiss University Philip Kraft has lectured at?
What was the name of the commander who captured all of the French ships that varied in size?
what was the American computer-animated fantasy film which  Aron Warner produced based on 
What type of area did Michel Thomas work in when he was in the French Resistance?
What part of the great power concerts such as the EU trio, the Nato Quint, the G7, and the G20, is Italy associated with?
Mastophora dizzydeani is a species of spider named after baseball player Jerome Herman Dean who goes by what nickname?
When did the car depicted on the cover of Pentastar: In the Style of Demons cease production?
Kurt Fuller from Stockton, CA appeared in which American Detective Comedy Drama television series created by Steve Franks?
Which Hells Angel member stabbed and beat an attendant of the 1969 counterculture-era rock concert in the United States?
Disorganized Crime included what cast member best known for playing Al Bundy on the Fox Network sitcom "Married... with Children"?
What multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company used to occupy the space in Umea, Sweden that is now occupied by Minerva Gymnasium?
Who was the New York City Fire Commissioner at the time of Providenza Panno's death?
What festival is held every June in Bartlesville, Oklahoma?
What are these two Malaysian businesses, Theme Park Hotel and Genting Highlands, considered?
Before the 2004-2005 Minnesota Timberwovles season, what had Sam Cassell had been honored with what titles?
What other film did the star of 127 Hours act in?
What is the population of the town at the intersection of Interstate Highways 77 and  the longest Interstate highway within the borders of Virginia?
Hotel Splendide is a British film from 2000 that features which James Bond actor?
What sports team included both of the brothers Case McCoy and Colt McCoy during different years?
Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame was founded by the company located in what Washington town, near the state capital?
Phoebe Ruguru created a 2014 film on a smartphone marketed by what company?
Was Princess Charlotte of Cambridge born before or after the repealing of the Royal Marriages Act 1772?
What role in the TV show "Death in Paradise" was played by the man who performed with Alexander Armstrong in the podcast "Timeghost"?
Heinrich Scholz was a peer of what English computer scientist, mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, philosopher and theoretical biologist?
Between Gareth Evans and Pierre Chenal, who's had a more diver career?
What actor was also a president that Richard Darman worked with when they were in office?
Shane and Friends have interviewed an American YouTube personality who has two active YouTube channels, which have a combined total of how many views?
What was need in order to diverge from the chinese ritual uniting spouses by pre-arrangement between families?
Which interviewee featured in The History of Sex also hosted the radio show "Sexually Speaking"?
The director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" is based in what New York city?
What date was the movie originally supposed to be released that was delayed due to the unlawful distribution of private photographs of Edison Chen with various women?
In what city did the "Prince of tenors" star in a film based on an opera by Giacomo Puccini?
Who was convicted of murdering the director of Schoolboy Crush?
The head of the Foreign Relations Department of the Rastriya Janashakti Party holds a degree that can be abbreviated MS, M.S., or ScM, in what field?
Did Nicholas Hytner and Maya Deren work in the same role in the film industry?
Swiss music duo Double released their best known single "The Captain of Her Heart" in what year?
Who directed the Hindi remake of the Korean film that starred Uhm Jung-hwa, Kim Sang-kyung, and Song Young-Chang?
Jean Hudson Boyd is known for her controversial sentencing of Ethan Couch. What was his sentence?
Are both Don Giovanni and Cardillac operas with three acts?
Aleksandr Dugin, the father of fascism, came to prominence during which era in Russia?
The winner of the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2013 drove the Toyota TF101 with who?
Who has a longer middle name, Alice Walker or Michael Herr?
What is the nationality of the foreign born victim of Singapore's caning punishment before Oliver Fricker experienced the same?
In which U.S. state are MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and Providence Hospital?
What memorial park located at John J. Pershing Drive in North Omaha has, among other amenities, a baseball park?
Jim Betts ran against the first American to orbit what?
In addition to Hyerim and the individual who left the group in January 2010 to pursue her academic career, who were the other two final members of the group Wonder Girls?
What president was assassinated and had Worthy Stevens Streator as one of his pallbearers?
The current coach of the Los Angeles Clippers was signed as a free agent to the San Antonio Spurs during what season?
Robin R. Bottin is known for his collaboration with an American director and producer who won an Academy Award, Golden Globe and BAFTA award for what movie?
where is the Vanderbilt mansion which Ochre Point–Cliffs Historic District is its home located 
Who has a wider scope of profession, Pete Dexter or Elie Wiesel?
How many times has the team Jack McKeon managed won the World Series?
What company operates in Switzerland and is part of the name of an award Gene Hobbs won?
What occupations do both Ian Hunter and Rob Thomas have?
Which former president of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) cofounded Simtek Research?
Who is the costar of a movie with the star of Scott McCall and was directed by the director of Supernatural?
What political party is the current Attorney General of Missouri associated with?
When did the animated series Kent Scott wrote end after beginning in September of 2002 on "Nick on CBS"?
Widewuto, a legendary king of the pagan Prussians, was believed to have existed before which army launched crusade against the Prussian peoples?
In his book Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics, John von Neuman devles into which major field?
Who played the role of Nettie Harris in the 1985 film directed by Steven Spielberg?
What trio was the songwriter of "What Are We Doin' Lonesome" from?
What type of profession does Chris Jericho and Gary Barlow have in common?
Iselin Solheim provided vocals in the song released on what date?
Brendon Urie wrote new perspective after firing which bassist?
What is the scientific name of the true creature featured in "Creature from the Black Lagoon?
In what year was the most famous statute at Po Lin Monastery built?
What drug is among the list of illegal drugs in the Philippines and can be taken by mouth or by injection?
What else was Baghdad known as during the Abbasid Caliphate?
A private university that beat Georgetown during a basketball tournament is from what U.S. city?
What are some foods that may have been served at the Hawaiin Cottage?
Where did King James reign during Samuel Parker's time as a Bishop of Oxford?
What stye of Martial arts did Royler Gracie tutor Maurcio Villardo?
Masters and Johnson labeled the orgasmic platform while researching what?
While Jennifer Granholm was the Govenor of Michigan from 2003-2011, Ray Wert was responsible for doing what for her?
What was Thomas Boutflower Bennet's role at The Collegiate School of St Peter?
 Danny Jones and Aleksi Sihvonen are both what?
What career titles do Ed Wood and Fernand Rivers share?
 During what years did the railroad that had a station stop in Ringling, Montana operate?
In between Berghuis v. Thompkins and Mississippi University for Women v. Hogan which one was a  case decided 5-4 by the Supreme Court of the United States?
What is the name of the vocalist who collaborated with the rap duo who won the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group?
What forim is Nicholas Dante most famous for writing in, musical, such as "A Chorus Line", or epic verse like "Inferno"?
Are Billy and Barak both breeds of scenthound? (Barak is also known as a Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound)
What is the date played of this college football game at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida, where Clemson defeated the No. 4 Oklahoma Sooners, 37-17?
Since what historic period has the area known for its Crottin de Chavignol goat cheese been inhabited?
Which airport is busier, Palm Springs International Airport or Trenton–Mercer Airport?
Which musical group has released more albums, The Telescopes or Candlelight Red?
Who beacme a star as a comic book character created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner?
Is Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport or Grand Forks International Airport closer to the town it is near?
Is Baiyin or Xinghua, Jiangsu a county-level city?
What team was formed in 1996 that starred players like Robert Parish?
What conference does Ralphie the Buffalo's football team play in?
John Seasock was a professional monster truck driver that last drove a truck sponsored by a company headquartered in what city?
Which beverage is ignited prior to consumption, Flaming beverage or Blue Hawaii
After his curacy at the village that is a suburb of Scunthorpe, who was Industrial Chaplain to the Bishop of Lincoln?
Where was the air-cooled version of a weapon system used on the HMAS "Narani" found?
 Hans Florian Zimmer composed The original music score for  Pacific Heights, since the 19080's how many films has he composed music for?
How many Golden Globe Awards did this English retired actress whose career has spanned over six decades and who appeared in the two-act drama Moby Dick—Rehearsed by Orson Welles?
What company did a man who hired Sioux Falls architect Wallace L. Dow to build a home in Worthing, Minnesota found?
Which genus has the most number of species, Myrsine or Styrax?
How are elephants connected to Gajabrishta?
Which movie was filmed first "The Guest" or "You're Next"?
What did Pioneer 4 fly by before inserting into the type orbit that planets of the Solar System are in around the sun?
Do Chestnut and Arenga trees both grow in the northern hemisphere?
Which company owned by a Pakistani media mogul produced the Pakistani romantic drama film Dobara Phir Se?
What field of study is related to Ovamir Anjum's work and is known as Islamic mysticism?
Which Netflix series "Unbreakable" character is Elizabeth Claire Kemper known for playing?
What actress with the last name Saravanan starred in the 2004 Tamil film Arul?
 The 1919 Mississippi gubernatorial election Incumbent Democrat was a master of what?
What is served shaken with ice and should not be mistaken with the name Margarita?
David Sinclair is a fictional character in "Numb3rs", a crime drama produced by what company headquartered in New York City and Los Angeles?
Who appeared in the Olympics first, Piet Norval or Emilio Sánchez?
What is the southern border of the neighborhood that the Bruce Silverstein Gallery is located in?
The Story of the Man Who Turned into a Dog is a type of play that fits into the genre that was founded during what era?
Stewart Nozette is currenlty serving time in a correctional facility operated by which government agency?
 Keith Konrad Slettedahl appeared on which season of "How I Met Your Mother"?
What Cuban American baseball player was suspended in the new steroid policy of the 2005 Major League Baseball season?
Which combat technique also known as Wushu Sanda, is the character of Wu Jing trained with in the 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film, written, produced and directed by Dennis Law.
What ingredient is in both Cosmopolitan and Cuba Libre?
Humanzee is a hypothetical hybrid of humans with what great ape?
What is name of the business unit led by Tina Sharkey at a web portal which is originally known as America Online?
Howard Bilerman produced an album for which songwriter from Athens, Georgia?
Which Naperville Central High School quarterback, became the 1988 starting quarterback for the Leicester Panthers?
What Major League Soccer team owned by Anthony Precourt is coached by a retired American soccer player ?
Michaël Llodra of France, called "the best volleyer on tour", defeated Juan Martín del Potro a professional of what nationality?
The Pollution Prevention Act of 1990 expanded a publicly available or private database?
What is the name of the city 200 km north-west of Sydney, Australia that the Armstrong 500 race was moved to?
What is the meaning of the name of the town where Jack Briggs was born?
who is a British physicist  and also a  British government's chief scientific adviser
Spring Waltz starred the American actor who is known for what 2007 film?
Darl Hall and John Oats fifth studio album was released in 1976, which song was the first of their six #1 singles?
Who served as the 1st Vice President of Colombia under El Libertador?
What retailer in ABQ Uptown is headquarted in Poole, Dorset, United Kingdom?
Which band has the guitarist Gorden Mack, Red House Painters or Daughtry?
The Ronkonkama railroad station and the town of Islip, New York are near?
The Transylvanian Hound and Jack Russell Terrier were originally bred for what activity?
In what year did construction begin on the stadium where the 2013 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament was held?
What collaboration with DJ Muggs did Gary Grice participate do in 2005?
When did Senator Ted Kennedy helped dedicate a new room at the location to his maternal grandfather, John F. Fitzgerald.
Who created the term that the author of A Piece of Danish Happiness uses to explain why Danish people are the happiest in the world?
what producer of The Real Housewives of Orange County also hosts "Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen"?
Why I Write was penned by which English novelist and critic?
Mummulgum is a stop on the Bruxner Highway before reaching the town on the banks of which river?
What conference champions were putted against each other in the first NBA Finals in which the Orlando Magic's played?
Lost in Time includes the theme song for a French/Japanese anime series that was created by who?
Meet Market is a 2004 film starring which son of a former prime minister?
The New York, Westchester and Boston Railway has a terminus at the New York city in what county?
Which host of Straight to the Heart is an American actress and producer?
The English company behind the British Rail Class D1/3 locomotive, Ruston & Hornsby is now a part of what German company?
The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team currently competes in a conference that was formerly known as what from 1988 to 1996?
How many rooms does that largest single hotel within the United States that is owned by MGM Resorts International?
Are both George Duran and Ara Babajian famous chefs?
What company did Roscoe Channing form with the owner of a leading stable of thoroughbred racehorses?
What location is shared by both Great Neck School District and Saddle Rock Elementary School?
Out of the actors who have played the role of Luc Deveraux in the Universal Soldier franchise, which actor has also starred in the movies Holby City, Doctor Strange, the Bourne Ultimatum and Zero Dark Thirty?
Where will the 2017 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament be hosted?
The film "Arthur Newman" stars Colin Firth and an actress that made her professional debut in what play?
What type of structure does 277 Park Avenue and 126 Madison Avenue have in common?
What character did the star of Into The Homeland play on the TV show Nashville?
Who was the woman whose execution for treason by German firing squad was the reason for Prussian Generalleutnant (Lieutenant General) Traugott von Sauberzweig's replacement as Military Governor of Brussels in 1915?
Which writer, Karen Blixen or Woody Allen, has a broader range of artistic talents?
 Who was born earlier, Simone Bolelli or Caroline Wozniacki?
Which team featured in both the 2012 and 2011 Cops del Rey Finals ?
Which album was released first, "Talk That Talk" or "Loud"?
Name the 500 year-old-republic that Florentius was a praetorian prefect for. 
Which town is the venue, in which the APRA Music Awards of 2009 were held, located?
Why is Bangor Daily News talkin about Sawin Millett?
Which formed first, Fireflight or Dirty Three?
Where is the game which  High Rollers Casino is a type been played 
Which documentary film came out first The Last Lions or Prophet's Prey ?
What group of Elektra Records recording artists are known to be an indie pop band?
Which magazine has more issues each month, In These Times or Multinational Monitor?
The Indian actor and philanthropist, who starred in "Mera Damad," entered the film industry in what year?
The Old Ones are more powerful than which of the mightiest Gods?
Palestine Brigade RAF was a response to which English soldier's request for an air formation?
The Bee Cliff in northeast Tennessee overlooks a river that is how many miles long?
"It Girl" is musically classified in the middle of what terminology describing the speed or pace of a given piece?
When Budweiser created a dog mascot to promote Bud Light in the 1980s, which rival brewer (with its own character Alex the Dog) were they competing with?
What is the name of the largest publicly owned company in Minnesota that is situated in Minnesota's most populous county?
What shallow water table aquifer is located near the county seat of Keith County, Nebraska?
In the 2012-13 FC Sion they brought in Gennaro Gattuso and a player who now plays for what Scottish team?
The Lady Craved Excitement was a film that featured the British character actor originally of what nationality?
What industry does Edgar Selwyn and Chantal Akerman work in?
What is the name of second extended play by the artists of the mini-abum Code#01?
What country can the scopula nucleata be found in?
Where does the hotel and casino located in which Bill Cosby's third album was recorded?
Michał Wiśniowiecki was related to the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki in what way?
What kind of teacher is the actress who was killed off along with Sonny?
Where was the Danger Mouse produced U2 album exclusively released? 
What aspect of the board game Diplomacy is not found in the board game Uncle Wiggily?
What type of group does Pablo Carballo and Argentine Air Force have in common?
Who is a winner of the 2013 6 Hours of Silverstone a co-commentator for?
What team is coached by former head college coach Connie Yori?
Which part of Scotland is this institute found where Alice König is a lecturer in Latin and Classical Studies?
Who was born first, Arthur Conan Doyle or Penelope Lively?
Which game was created first, About Time or Java?
The "New York Times" bestselling book "The 50th Law" contains lessons and anecdotes from this historical figure who was a classical Greek (Athenian) philosopher who is known mainly through the writings of which philosopher?
What do Park So-yeon and Michael Crafter have in common?
What notable radio personality was born in North Bend, Oregon?
Who wrote more fictional works, Jim Thompson or Theodore H. White?
How many personnel does the Navy that had Gilliam-class atttack transports have on active duty?
Gemma Rovira Ortega translated into Spanish the 2007 and 2008 best selling book in Spain as well as which series by Patrick Rothfuss?
 Jordan's Furniture is a furniture retailer with a location in an enclosed shopping mall on the north side of Interstate 295 near what?
Kang Sung-yeon played Prince Yeonsan in a film that runs for how many minutes ?
When did the  American rock singer  which performed  Recorded covers died 
Is the Pakistan fast bowler who joined the Kent County Cricket Club in June, 2011 a left-hand or right-hand batsmans?
Who was born first, Juan Rulfo or John le Carré?
When did the game which held three times in  in East Asia first held 
Who was born more recently, Billy Corgan or Jeff Martin?
Who was born first Margaret Pellegrini or Jerry Maren?
22 years earlier, the predecessor to The Magic Mouse and Mighty Mouse was what?
Honeymoon Academy starred Robert hays, which award did his co-star win?
Kacha, Sevastopol is a settlement that is part of a sovereign state bordered on the northwest by which country?
Which Persian historical figure was an astronomer, Al-Karaji or Ahmad Nahavandi? 
Do both Lancaster Cathedral and Peel Cathedral belong to the Catholic religion?
Which The Wind's Twelve Quarters story depicts a summer festival in the utopian city of Omelas?
Which work of William Shakespeare is thought to be a collaborative effort of himself and Thomas Kyd?
The boxer that defeated Oliver Lavigilante in the 2012 Summer Olympics is of what nationality?
Name five actors that worked with a German cinematographer?
Which band has more members, The Futureheads or Marcy Playground?
which Norwegian chess grandmaster was  Espen Agdestein his manager 
Which country refrained from participating in the 1991 Baltic Cup though it had participated in previous Baltic Cup competitions?
A sparse image is used by the FileVault feature in Mac OS X in versions later than which?
 Willie Geist frequently serves as fill-in anchor on "Today" for a tv journalist that was the host of what show from 1980-86?
On which coast can the California Aqueduct and the Lake Washington Ship Canal be found?  
What separates the islands where the 2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards were held?
Stig Lennart Blomqvist drove which car produced by German automobile manufacturer?
What member from The Clinch Mountain Boys plays at the Huck Finn Jubilee Bluegrass Music Festival?
Which comic series involves characters such as Nick Fury and Baron von Strucker?
The University in Pullman, Washington is named after whom?
Carlo Buccirosso had a role in a movie that premiered at what film festival?
Why did the CEO of the football team based in Denver, Colorado step down in 2014?
Which television series featured an actor who also performed in "The Young Ones"?
Rejuvelac is kind of grain water invented and promoted by a "holistic health" practitioner born in which year ?
The 1974 South African Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at a racing circuit located in which South African Province ?
A former Australian rules football player who played with the Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League is the vice president of a video game company based where?
Henderson Executive Airport got its name in 1996 when it was purchased by Clark County to be used as a reliever airport for an airport named after what politican?
The inventor of the Maxim Gun issued 1.9 million shares to what man?
What is the formal name for the sporting facility located in Coos County, New Hampshire?
which board game has been around longer Obsession or Battle Sheep ?
What "Virtual Choir"-noted conductor has created works for the Austin-based ensemble Conspirare?
Which Star of British-Canadian-American satirical comedy, co starting with Ricky Gervais, began his career in sketch comedy series"Full Frontal" ?
Wich children's novelist whow was first published in 1939 gained an internaional following writting about an orphaned girl named Anne Shirley?
Who died first, Andrei Platonov or John Masefield?
Inductivism was a scientific method attributed to a man that served in what two capacities?
A medieval fortress in Dirleton, East Lothian, Scotland borders on the south side of what coastal area?
Glaramara is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria that stretches from Stonethwaite which is a part of a valley and civil parrish in what Borough?
Which Karakoram mountain is higher: Distaghil Sar or The Crown
Carl von Donop was a colonel of which German auxiliaries?
What production company was founded by George Balanchine to create a live stage version of the 1942 film Casablanca?
The Peak Galleria is located near the summit of a mountain that has an elevation of how many meters?
Where is the brand "Moe's Southwest Grill" owned based?
In which city is a football club that uses Gabriel Barbosa?
Devil's Food is a singles compilation by an American rock and roll band that has also been known to play country shows under what?
What is the name of the director from a country which has only one-tenth of its historical boundaries?
What landmark event did Bill Miner achieve at Silverdale, British Columbia, coining the phrase "Hands Up!" in doing so?
Dianne Hiles is the current Australian Greens candidate for which 1968 federal proclamation? 
Which genus of flowering plant is found in an environment further south, Crocosmia or Cimicifuga?
Edward C. Hugger and Alexander Acosta served at appointees for what job?
What uniform number was the umpire wearing when "Pudge" hit a home run in Game 6 of the 1975 World Series?
The title Grigory Drozd lost in May 2016 was won by a boxer who made his acting debut in what film?
When was Poison's album "Shut Up, Make Love" released?
During what war were the Russia-United Kingdom relations in a state of rivalry after the abdication of Emperor Nicholas II? 
How many more singles titles did Kim Warwick win than Jorge Lozano?
Are the Kabataş Erkek Lisesi school and the Küçüksu Palace located in the same city?
What movie did actress Irene Jacob complete before the American action crime thriller film directed by Stuart Bird?
Are Tweedia and Crossandra in separate families?
Which case was decided first, Selle v. Gibb or Reynolds v. Sims?
Caprice No. 5 was composed by what Italian violinist, guitarist, and composer, who was the most celebrated violin virtuoso of his time?
Are Stan Lee and Mark Helprin both comic book writers?
When did the 2005 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship begin?
Huell Howser provided the voice of Backson in Disney's what numbered animated film?
What are the letters of the radio station serves the area comprising all of Belknap County, among others?
What album did John Lennon release before the one that contained the song "How?"
What theory was advanced by the author of Progress in Optics?
How many people did the South Korean spree killer which NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 enabaled to buy firearm killed in 2007
What are the colors of the tricolour flag that was adopted in 1919?
When was the palace founded at which Columba de Dunbar died in 1435?
Giuseppe Tornatore, an italian film director and screenwriter, wrote and directed his film "The Best Offer" in what language?
What entity with the capital city of Ciudad Victoria is a home to the northern grasshopper mouse?
How much change in elevation is there at the site of the 1999 FIA GT Hockenheim 500km?
The Black Star identified closely with this American magazine magnate who was called what?
What was fort orange's initial name?
Toyota Innova is part of the IMV program along with which light commercial vehicle?
The former British protectorate of Rhodesia became two countries with the Zambezi river as the border. Zimbabwe lies to the south; which country is north of the river?
Who was born first Garo Yepremian or Michael Casey ?
What broadcasting company did both Andrew Collins and Stuart Maconie of Collins and Maconie's Hit Parade both work together from 1194 to 1197?
Who is the controlling shareholder of the world's fourth-largest tyre manufacturer?
Who built the diesel railcars operated by the publicly owned corporation that provided suburban train, tram and bus services in Adelaide, South Australia starting in July 1994?
Postal 2 has scenes that are used in a song that was released in what year?
What flag features 13 stars, and has a creator who also has a memorial bridge named after her connecting Pennsylvania and New Jersey?
Vivian Pinn taught at which college founded in Massachusetts in 1852?
When did Gemma Ortega's Holocaust novel translation first receive best selling book of the year in Spain?
Who, born February 20, 1983, played for The Monarchs and in the World Series?
Why did basketball player, "The Process" not play in the 77th season?
What is the name of the person that named Moltke Nunatak after the Chief of the German General staff that served from 1906 to 1914?
How many years did the creator of the The Jackie Thomas Show star in a a comedy named after herself?
In what city is the company that Fastjet Tanzania was originally founded as a part of prior to rebranding based?
Which opera has more acts, La jolie fille de Perth or Mitridate, re di Ponto?
Annapolis Junction is located in what county named after  the wife of Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore?
What adorns the archaeological artefact excavated by Thomas Bateman on 3 May 1848?
The Havanese and the Black Mouth Cur are both which kind of animal?
What league did was the team that played home games at Holman Stadium belong to?
Wing Chun starred Michelle Yeoh and a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, and film director who won what tournament multiple times?
What position did the former Major League Baseball player play who worked on the same broadcast team as Kim Kelch?
Are Pago Pago International Airport and Hoonah Airport both on American territory?
Who is the mother of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark's husband?
Alexander S. Wadsworth served during the war that was faught between which two countries?
Which  baseball team who represents Texas Tech University in NCAA Division I college baseball is  "The Law" its home stadium
Who is younger Jenny Bae or Lionel Richie ?
Which company is an American petroleum company, EOG Resources Inc. or General Mills Inc.?
Pandora- The World of Avatar includes a ride that allows guest to take flight on what animal?
Which actor appeared in the films "Just My Luck" and "Into the Woods"?
What was the largest passenger capacity of the plane type used for BOAC Flight 911 ?
Which band formed in England, Of Montreal or Vib Gyor?
Bridger, Gallatin County, Montana comprises the ski area that serves which college?
In what movie did the male star of a movie about a widowed 37-year-old woman also star in in the year 1993?
What was the given name of the singer who is most closely associated with The Dakotas ?
Stoke Extinguisher is what type of musical recording that contains more tracks than a single, but is usually unqualified as an album or LP?
Why are many of the band, Hirsute Pursuit's songs considered controversial?
Nelson Chai is the former president of what financial holding company that was founded in 1908, and is headquartered in New York City?
WSCV's transmitter is located near this stadium located in which suburb?
Veljko Čubrilović was involved in the assassination of which heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne?
Which body of water required more intensive man made barriers the Dundee Canal or Lake Worth Lagoon?
What is the official currency in the country that hosts the Asahi-Ryokuken Yomiuri Memorial tournament?
Who was born first out of Nick Grinde and Karel Reisz?
What are a Uruguayan professional footballer and Luz Pfannenstiel are best known as?
Timothy J. Sloan was the CEO of Wells Fargo who succeeded the CEO who took the job in what month?
Which two occupations does Ronnie Dunn and Annie Lennox have in common?
What colors are worn by the Oregon Duck, mascot of the University of Oregon athletic teams?
What monthly magazine, published by ASIS International, includes articles on topics of computer security?
Charlie Rowe plays Billy Costa in a film based on what novel?
What city was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom and the birth place of Ornella Fiorentini?
Creolized forms of which language are found in traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity?
What was the position of Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau under the man who was King of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1573 to 1575?
What portable media player was distributed through HP?
Which Spanish football team did Ángel Dealbert Ibáñez  played for 
Aside from the Ivorian who was born in 1986, what other big name footballer has gone through the FC Bibo?
What city did the author of "Portraits and Prayers" choose to live in after moving to France?
What Finnish Christmas figure, which eventually become more or less conflated with Santa Claus, has modern representations typically made of straw.?
Which areas of the United States were still able to deny sames sex marriages after the case in which Edith "Edie" Windsor was the main plaintiff?
 Rocket Rods was a high-speed thrill attraction opened in 1998 on the existing infrastructure of a transport attraction that operated until when?
Kevin House Jr. played professionally for the team that is in what NFL conference?
Who was the director of the film featuring the character "Supah Ninjas"?
Which of the cities of Dujiangyan City and Ezhou has the larger population according to their latest census ?
Who is younger, Keisuke Kuwata or Moya Brennan?
What was the father of Kasper Schmeichel voted to be by the IFFHS in 1992?
When did the mother of Joseph Ferdinand Leopold of Bavaria die?
Which of the systems that uses the RedBoot is a double-deck, wide-body, four-engine jet airliner manufactured by European manufacturer Airbus?
In which county does the  8th Military Police Brigade  of the United States Army's Barracks located?
What game did the team with an 11-1 regular season record play in for the BCS title game?
 The Alexander Dawson School is located in a community that occupies how many acres ?
Between the Riddlers Revenge and the Green Lantern, which stand-up roller coaster stands tallest?
On what part of U.S Route 56 can you listen to the KCTV?
Who assassinated the 20th President of the United States?
Who was the original female founder of the brewery that was purchased in 2006 by the largest brewery in the state of Maryland?
Wheat salad is composed typically of what red fruit?
Tom Araya and Marcus Mumford were both what?
What team competed in six competitions in their 116th season, and four in their 117th?
What character in "Father Ted" was played by an actor who starred in Death in Paradise?
What is the name of the second largest car rental company, that also has another low cost car rental company it oversees?
What was Randy Shughart's rank when he died?
The Fast On-orbit Rapid Recording of Transient Events (FORTE) was co-developed and launched by this lab located a short distance northwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico that was involved with which nuclear weapon program during World War II?
The city in which the Disney Resort & Spa, Aulani is located in, is colloquially known as what?
Which cloth town in the high Middle Ages gives the name to the dye associated with the man who is said to rob from the rich and give to the poor?
The Government Digital Service is overseen by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, who is from which party?
What actor appeared in "Evening in Byzantium" and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1973 for "The Heartbreak Kid"?
Which plant is indigenous to the western hemisphere, Stephanocereus or Nepenthes?
Are Lycoris and Ammi both native to southern Asia?
Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier:and Herbie Rides Again were both by which company?
Which mountain is higher, Tongshanjiabu or Himalchuli?
What kind of comedian was Michael Mclntyre's father?
Vanessa Bley is what person who organizes and often finances concerts, plays, or operas, performing a role?
What was the title of the man who Sir Thomas Hungerford made his fortune working as a steward to?
The Kilby International Awards were named after the inventor who discovered what electronics phenomenon?
When was the designer of the Disneyland attraction with variants in California, France, Hong Kong, Tokyo, and the Tomorrowland Speedway born?
 Which American rock band, Sugar Ray or Against the Current gained mainstream fame in the 1990's?
Which professional footballer played for Kadji Sports Academy as a youth and went on to be the most decorated African player of all time?
Which Lithuanian-Canadian anthropologist, primatologist, conservationist, ethologist, and author was chosen by  Louis Leakey, along with Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey to study hominids in their natural environments?
How many employees does the company that unveiled a deal to acquire IGATE have? 
Which Victorian poet was born in a 15th-century castle home to the Earl of Southesk?
What conference is the team that is head coached by the uncle of Scott Turner?
Kenneth L. Gile is the Chief Operating Officer of an airline with its head office in what airport?
In what season of the Simpson's does Lisa convert to Buddhism?
The first Latina Supreme Court Justice was part of the majority decision of a case that upheld which previous supreme court case?
Where is the  city and "comune" in Emilia-Romagna in which talian Renaissance painter ;Ludovico Mazzolino located 
Did Ed Sullivan ever work anywhere other than the New York Daily News?
What ethnicity are french people referring to when they use the term banlieues?
Where has Kerwin Swint's work appeared that draws 20.5 million unique visitors a month?
Which singer is in the duo Sugarland, Jennifer Nettles or Roger Taylor?
Tsavo Man-Eaters were found at what Kenyan reserve?
What was the name of the first biography of Brontë written by the author of Mary Barton?
What was the previous occupation of the Canadian-born Indian-American actress and model who appeared in Tina & Lolo alongside Karishma Tanna?
Was the famous opera comique that was based on a Prosper Merimee novella a comedy or a tragedy? 
At what age did Cieli di Toscana's singer become blind?
Which state was the The Laboratory's 60,000 square-foot, shore-based campus located?
Which episode of season nine of The Simpsons was the last speaking role for Lionel Hutz?
What was the English football club Tottenham Hotspur  that Leonard Francis played for commonly referred to as ?
Where does the team coached by someone with the nickname "Coach K" play?
The former Associate Director of the Northeast Intelligence Network has wrote for a publication which typically falls where on the political spectrum?
The most famous song of the last monarch of Hawaii was what?
What distinguishes the footwear brand referenced in the album Pork Soda?
Did Big Pig or Blur have more members?
What year was the namesake of a small island in the Town of East Hampton born?
What record officially started in 1519 in the same state that holds the city Augustus Chapman Allen used his inheritance to fund the founding of?
What British publisher published a dystopian novel in 1949 written by an English author?
If the Charhki  Dadri crash was less dangerous than the Tenerife airport disaster, which occured firat? 
Which legal, autonomous North American tribal government signed its constitution in Oklahoma on September 6, 1839?
The Companions were the first of what type of cavalry?
Which style is the building located on the East Side of Midtown Manhattan that Robert Von Ancken appraised? 
 Heikki Seppa studied metalsmith at Goldsmith's school in Helsinki, and later at a silver factory founded by who?
Which pickup truck that's name was retired in North America in 1976 is part of Toyota's IMV program with the Fortuner SUV?
How many operas are among the artist who composed The Prelude for Clarinet in B-flat major best known works?
What is the official English name of the country in which Ain Timguenai is located?
Macaulay Carson Culkin was regarded as the most successful child actor since which actress, who was Hollywood's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938?
Is Edison Sault Power Canal somehow linked with or used with the Cayuga–Seneca Canal?
Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour includes the space-themed roller coaster that was opened on what date?
Which Kevin Costner movie included an actor who also starred in "Little Big League"?
Did the board game San Marco or About Time come out first?
Which documentary film premiered first, Grizzly Man or Pray the Devil Back to Hell?
What occupation did Nicholas Christopher and Roger Ebert share?
Korea University College of Education is based in the city that ranks what in the world by terms of size?
What is the female star of Klepto best known for performing in?
 The Soul of Buddha is a 1918 American silent romance film shot in a borough  that is the western terminus of what?
What professional footballer who plays for Championship side Cardiff City was part of the 2009 Houphouët-Boigny stampede?
What are caesium-137, radium and uranium-234 examples of?
Which of the fighter in Battle of Gavinana was created in 1422, and came to an end when the Holy Roman Empire was wound up in 1806, as the result of the Napoleonic Wars?
Which of the campaign that brought out the term Vichy Republican on social media was formally launched on June 16, 2015, at Trump Tower in New York City?
Which dog is based in Switzerland, Appenzeller Sennenhund or Drentse Patrijshond?
