[[en]onlyB_could_ans]

ジャージー シティのコールズ ストリート 123 番地にある同名の高校の妻の名は?
1894年のFAカップ決勝でノッツ・カウンティと対戦したチームは、現在、イングランドのフットボール・リーグ・システムのどの層に所属していますか?
ジャン＝ポール・サルトルやジョージ・バーナード・ショーは世紀の変わり目の文学にもっと影響を与えていますか?
アンデス山脈原産のアレルセの木の名前は誰?
ブラザーズ・キーとジェイク・カスダンのどちらがより多くの賞を受賞しましたか?
2000 年 12 月 10 日にノーベル物理学賞を受賞した技術者とともに、「シリコン バレー市長」と呼ばれた男
1915年に完成したチャレンジャーが最も一般的だった鉄道は?
ローマ人が使用した建物で、ヨーロッパとアメリカの教会で今でも最も一般的な建築様式は何ですか?
Migene González-Wippler は、どの民族グループの間で発展した宗教の主要な専門家ですか?
  「マウントバッテン・ウィンザー」という名前は、王室の様式や称号を持たない女王の男系の子孫に適用されますが、これはどの家族をもたらしたヨーロッパの王朝ですか?
マックルズフィールド タウン FC 誰がスポンサーするリーグでプレーしますか?
フランシス・ローレンスが監督した、リッチ・リーの 3D プレビジュアライゼーションがある映画はどれ?
ポップ デュオ、東方神起のメンバーで、2009 年の MBC テレビ シリーズ「ヘディング トゥ ザ グラウンド」に出演した韓国の俳優は?
ラブラドール・レトリバーとチベタン・テリア、ガンドッグの種類は?
ワシントン・レッドスキンズがドラフト1巡目で指名した兄弟は何年にドラフトされた?
1986年3月9日生まれのピッチ・パーフェクト2のキャストは?
スプロール三部作の最初の本が受賞した 3 つの賞は?
2011 年 3 月 28 日にフェニックス香港チャンネルを開設したケイマン諸島の登録北京語および広東語テレビ放送局は?
ジゼル・コサールは、どのタイプの食事のマザー・ジゼルとして知られていましたか?
カオスマローダーズのイラストレーターの国籍は？
アリス・デイヴィッドは、どの会社が開発したビデオゲームでララ・クロフトの声を担当していますか?
ロバート・ヤン・ファン・ペルトは、この「チャーチルの戦争」の作者の民事名誉毀損訴訟で弁護を証言しましたか?
シカゴを舞台にしたエミリー・ベルグルが出演したシリーズは?
レクレー・デヴォーン・ムーアとガウヴィ、どちらが先に生まれた?
アルバム「Numb」でリアーナとコラボしたのは?
「Rewrite This Story」の作者で、アメリカの作詞作曲デュオであり、ミュージカル、映画、テレビの作曲チームは?
聊城と沙陽県はどちらの国にありますか?
Marie-Clementine Bagration 王女はオーストリア帝国の外務大臣の非嫡出娘で、辞任を余儀なくされた理由は何ですか?
エルナ・フレーゲルが働いていた旧市庁舎は?
ジャンボ Jr. が主人公のこの 1941 年のアメリカのアニメーション映画の音楽を作曲したのは?
アントナン・アルトーとエリザベス・テイラーのどちらが先に生まれた?
もともとグリズリー・リバー・ボーイズとして知られていたバンドへのオマージュであるバンドは?
フレッド・メイスが1919年にプレーしたイングランドのサッカークラブは?
デイモン・スタウダマイアのいとこで、かつてケンタッキー大学でカレッジバスケットボールをしていたのは?
フェドラナッサとミテラはどちらも、どのレベルの種に分類されると考えられていますか?
ミゲル・デ・セルバンテス・サアベドラのスペイン小説に基づいて戯曲を再演したロシアのバレエ振付家は?
コーンランチは、どの州に本社を置く会社によって試験飛行が行われる宇宙港?
ウィリアム・ジョセフ・ウィーバーが全身肖像画を描いたことで最も有名な王子の父親は?
2001年にルネ・アッシャーソンが最後に出演した映画「ジ・アザーズ」で主役を演じた女性スターは?
「ジャッジメント・ナイト」という曲は、オニキスとどの都市で結成されたヘヴィ・メタル・バンドとのコラボレーションでしたか?
1901年に創設されたデトロイト・タイガースでウィリアム・ホプキがプレーしたシリーズは?
リッチー・ギンサーという名前のチームメイトがいたF1世界チャンピオンは?
Last Days と Point Break の両方を監督したのは?
村正流開祖の刀を鏡井茂茂に授けたのは誰?
コリアー エリア トランジット システムのサービスを受ける郡には何人の人が住んでいますか?
ハミルトン ワンダラーズ AFC には、どのチームの副キャプテンであった元選手がいますか?
1935年のアメリカのドラマ映画『レ・ミゼラブル』でエルザ・ランチェスターの夫と共演したのは?
Qazi はカシミールの歌手であり、どこで生まれた歌手と共に「名声 Gurukul」を獲得しましたか?
トミー・スワードロウが脚本を共同執筆したジョン・ターテルトーブ監督の映画は?
  パク・ソジュンは、何月何日に初演されたシリーズでの彼の役割で最もよく知られています?
リアム・カニンガムとマイケル・ファスベンダーのどちらが先に生まれた?
八方の戦いを指揮した李舜臣将軍の出身地である国で、最も古い土器が作られたのはいつですか。
Pawn Stars の 3 番目の国際的なスピンオフがデビューしたのはいつですか?
木の種の正式な名前は、ミツバチまたはマイクロカクリス?
1960年代後半から1970年代前半に初めて有名になったミュージシャンは誰?
How long is the tidal estuary in which Branford is a shoreline town?
Grown-Ups starred the actor who was best known for which role on  "'Allo 'Allo!"?
In the USA, a tobacconist, also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop, is traditionally represented by which advertisement figure, that is often a three-dimensional wooden sculpture several feet tall?
Henry Josey played college football at "The Zou"- more commonly known as what?
which American actress, singer, and songwriter too the tour of  I Stand tour 
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios was published by the creator of the award-winning fantasy adventure novel that was published in what year?
Jamie Campbell Bower was a cast member of the TNT show that was canceled after how many seasons?
Which movie starring Tony Longo is based on Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series?
What animated movie, starring Danny Devito, featured music written and produced by Kool Kojak?
Which MTV show was hosted by a member of the Likwit Crew?
What is the Landsman Kill near New York State Route 308?
Carol Kane played the wife of which fictional character on Taxi?
What band has been around longer, Mazzy Star of Pendragon?
Nominated in ten categories at the 38th Annual César Awards ceremony was a film whose narrative focuses on what two people?
What is the name of the presidential memorial in Washington, D.C that connects to an artificial island?
What player mentioned in "The Breaks of the Game" was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on May 10, 1993?
What animal does Mahratta Greyhound and Tibetan Spaniel have in common?
What running back ended his career in 2006 and was one of the rushers Matt O'Dwyer blocked for?
Jalen Jones plays basketball for an NBA team that plays their home games in what arena?
What two casinos border the hotel that hosted WrestleMania IX?
Water Night was composed by what Grammy-winning American composer?
Vincas Kudirka is the author of both the music and lyrics of a national anthem which has how many words?
This कसबा पेठ विधानसभा मतदारसंघ is an example of a language that ranks what in the number of native speakers in India?
What is the population of the city in which the first edition of the South American Youth Olympic Games were held?
Wild About Harry stars an actor born September 28, 1992 who appeared in what in 2006?
Which metropolitan  at the south of Moraine, Ohio had a population of 2,114,580 in 2010 U.S. Census?
Where was the opera, which was the subject of After Aida, first performed?
The trophy given to the winner of the college football game between University of Idaho Vandals and University of Montana Grizzlies is derived from which European culture?
Where in the northernmost and largest freguesia can we find the Communications Museum?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Peter Yates or Jang Joon-hwan 
Chandamama and Kajal Aggarwal are both associated with which Indian film industries?
How many newspapers are in the group that Hills Valley Weekly is a part of?
What type of media does J. T. Petty and Outlast have in common?
To which aircraft carrier was the VMF-213 Marine Fighting Squadron assigned to durning World War II?
Peter Shand Kydd was related to which early member of the Clermont Club?
Air Chief Marshal Hugh Caswall Tremenheere Dowding was unwillingly replaced in command by a senior commander in the Royal Air Force born on what date?
This English indie pop band formed in 2005 consisting of Oliver Sims, and also inspired My Wicked Heart is from what city?
Who directed the second film in a British series of action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre with comedy similar to Rowan Atkinson's Mr. Bean character?
What Friday night programming block included what collective series that includes "Whatever Happened to... Robot Jones?"?
Jaroslav Kvapil the Czech poet was born in the Kingdom of Bohemia, also referred to by what name?
Of the companies that sponsor the British League Riders Championship, which is owned and operated by Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company?
In what year did the playwright who wrote "The City Heiress" die?
Which writer died later, Agatha Christie or Clement Greenberg?
What is the man who Hofstadter's law is named after's profession?
Which team was a Dutch former professional footballer sacked from in 2009 after the team underperformed in a string of games for the qualification for the Champions League? 
Which railway is a part of Summerseat and also runs between Heywood and Rawtenstall?
What's the name of the differential equation that was developed by the German physicist who was the doctoral advisor to another German Physicist who identified the Stark effect?
What is the name of the man who was partners with the electrical engineer that was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in December 2000?
Which novelist was educated in London, C. S. Forester or Helen Zahavi?
In which year was this American figure skater, actress, and sports commentator coached by Richard Callaghan for Olympic games, the U. S. national champion?
what year did the band that sang Gives You Hell form?
Which Australian professional women's basketball team has an American playing in it?
Mooreville, Mississippi is located on which Interstate highway that follows US Route 78?
Which cocktail's name describes how the drink looks, Blue Hawaii or Baby Guinness?
In what year was the novel that Lourenço Mutarelli based "Nina" on based first published?
What are both Eleutherococcus and Amaryllis?
Who co-wrote Taylor Swift's song that had its music video premiere during the pre-show of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards? 
Which serial killer was known to start killing first, Wayne Boden or Ted Bundy?
who were James Hill and John Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort officers for?
Where was the comedian from And There's More born? 
Who is younger, Tony Roche or Renáta Tomanová?
Which division did people from the division Major General Robert Walker Grow commanded originally come from?
Who was responsible for the Soviet–Albanian split?
What American politician from Tennessee born December 13, 1943 is related to former United States Congressman Harold Ford Jr. as well as former Congressman Harold Ford Sr.
Who was the director of the 2007 American action film starring the actress, professionally known as Maggie Q.?
Are the Chien Français Blanc et Orange and Cretan Hound both used for hunting in packs?
Ann Killion co-authored a memoir with the American soccer goalkeeper who won how many Olympic golds?
What is the name of the black belt in Brizilian Jiu Jitsu who trains extensively under striking coach Ray Bronx Longo in Garden City, New York?
Whose works are more likely to be seen in an art gallery, Hovsep Pushman or Armen Chakmakian?
who released the 2012 record of red?
what is the football club that formed in 1876 and has Dael Jonathan Fry as a player?
Which member of Odd Future also had a guest appearance on the album too Cozy?
Which actor in the film Equus is also in the film The Informers?
The movie that was the directorial debut of Jonathan Glazer included the musical piece Lujon. Which other movie that has the letter "B" in it also includes this piece?
Which movie was released first, Return to Oz or Midnight Madness?
 Ravi Khote:has included his music in which 2003 Indian drama?
Are both Cypress and Ajuga genera?
 The Nantahala National Forest and the Croatan National Forest are both located in which state?
The Pluralist school is said to have included what creator of the theory of atomism? 
How high on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart did Dan Smith's song reach in 2013?
Kyle Ezell is a professor at what School of Architecture building at Ohio State?
What type of activity does Owner earnings and Warren Buffett have in common?
Was Pennsylvania State University or University of California, San Francisco founded first?
What was the album by Coldplay after the one with a song referencing Chris Martin's unrequited love?
Where did Henri Christophe and other slaves hold an uprising from 1791 to 1804 that led to the founding of a state which was both free from slavery and ruled by non-whites and former captives?
SS Ionic was built by the industrial company based in what city?
At what summer festival might you find music by Bakermat?
What was the island, on which Marinelli Glacier is located, formerly known as?
What was the name of the 19th century foundry which was located in a village directly across the Hudson River from Westpoint in Putnam County, New York?
Which airport Grand Forks International Airport or El Paso International Airport is closer to their town ?
Which of Tara Strong major voice role in animated series is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans"?
Hatyapuri was a novel by the filmmaker of what nationality?
Ekaterina Alexeyevna Davydova skated with which 2006 Olympic champion, two-time World champion, three-time Grand Prix Final champion, and three-time European champion?
Are both The Sundays and The Radio Dept. dream pop bands? 
Which band did this American businessman, music publisher, writers' representative, filmmaker and record label executive manage while simultaneously managing this group of the album "More Hot Rocks?"
Who starred in Smurfs: The Lost Village and was also in The Office?
What club does the footballer who surpassed David Beckham for the appearance record play for?
Which film director is younger, Manoel de Oliveira or Alfonso Cuarón?
Which former college football quarterback is the nephew Wade Watts?
Die Nacht was composed by German composer, Richard Strauss. What other well known operas did he compose?
What mixed martial arts promotion that was purchased by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in 2001 used to feature Nate Diaz as a competitor?
What Manchester United and Portuguese national winger scored a goal in the 2009 FA Community Shield?
Which client of Lindka Cierach played Queen Elizabeth II in "The Queen"?
Which German aeronautical engineer concieved the Dornier Aerodyne?
What movement is this music seen as that released Facta Loquuntur as their first full length album?
Under Which Stanmore born prime minister was John Gorton a serving minister? 
Which former mill town is near Rivington Hall Barn?
Which actor starred in Angels in the Outfield, Predator 2, and Places in the Heart?
Which film came first The Strongest Man in the World or Candleshoe?
What is the capacity of the stadium that is the home ground of the Lahore Eagles?
Operalia, The World Opera Competition helped launch the career of an operatic soprano of what nationality?
Who is the album "Look What You Made Me Do" is on being released through?
What generation is the BMW series, that is optional on the xDrive that begun in 2005, on? 
The 43d Air Mobility Operations Group is stationed at which largest military installation?
What is the middle name of the Silicon Valley entrepreneur disussed in the non-fiction book The Unwinding?
Which band has more members Band of Skulls or Live ?
In 2009 the OCA announced major changes to it event lists, and in what city did this multi-sport event take place?
Zacarías Ferreira is the uncle of a professional basketball player who played college basketball for who?
Den Tagayasu lived in the town that was bombed on which dates?
Which band included more previously-known figures when it was formed, !!! or Puddle of Mudd?
Who manufactured the scooter upon which the Bajaj Priya was based off of?
Are both Lukas Rossi and Terry Kath American?
Den Dover was born in a suburb with what total resident population?
Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov and Anatoly Fomenko both held what academic title?
What is the gross leasable area of the shopping mall served by the Merrick Boulevard buses?
Which eight-time Academy Award nominee was Tennessee Williams's choice to play a leading role in his play "Clothes for a Summer Hotel"?
The Rhymers' Club met at Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese listed as what type of house?
The Robey-Peters Gun-Carrier was built at a commuter village with at population of what at the 2001 census?
What Pakistani actor and writer from Islamabad helped write for the 2012 Pakistani comedy drama sitcom, "Coke Kahani"?
Which of Aaron Goodwin client was born in May 31, 1984?
The maternal grandmother of Princess Marie Cécile of Prussia was born in which year ?
What country of origin does Shawnee Trail and Great Indian Warpath have in common?
What university did Bill Daly graduate that Gary Bettman also graduated from?
which actress was a notable practitioner at the white bear theatre and is also known for playing the role of melanie owen in the BBC one soap opera "eatenders"?
In what city did Charlie Spiller play college football?
Bobby Godsell held a senior position in which global company that was formed in 2004?
Who is the original writer of the 1977 horror film?
Which war was HMS Clonmel in where over nine million combatants died?
Bill McCollum took a leadership role in the Senate trial that began on which date?
What was another title published by the owner of the pseudonym Frank Talk?
Which magazine has more issues per month, Club or Pro Football Weekly 
This actor born August 26, 1909 stared in the tv show " The Cowboys ".
Which profession do David Breashears and Richard Bass have in common?
Which of these artist lives closer to Canada, Koshi Inaba or Jonathan Davis?
What film did Lela Rochon based on a John Grisham novel?
Lawton–Fort Sill Regional Airport, a charter base for value airline Allegiant Air, is situated in which U.S. state?
Which of these is further south in China, the Pulandian District or Kaiyuan, Liaoning?
Which career path did African-American activist Bertha Gilkey pursue in St. Louis, Missouri?
Who is older, Steven Tyler, or Elizabeth Fraser?
Arbie Orenstein is known as a scholar on the life of what composer internationally regarded as France's greatest living composer? 
Which musician is older, Chantal Claret or Max Green?
Which CNN journalist and two-time Pulitzer winner inspired the Half the Sky Movement?
Which Record Company reissued an Avenged Sevenfold Album that only sold 300 copies?
Hndrxx features a guest appearance by what Canadian singer?
Luis Gianneo was teacher of which chief exponent of Argentine folk music?
Along which river is the Kentucky Department of Corrections headquarted?
Which television series was part of Cartoon Network's 2017 April Fools' prank and had a song by Justin Roiland played during the third season of the same show?
Dane William DeHaan starred in a movie directed by Anton Corbijn along side which actor?
Figure 2 Ranch Airport supports launch operations of what aerospace manufacturer and space flight services company?
During the Miss USA 2015, Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned by which American television host, model, taekwondo coach, and beauty queen who won Miss USA 2014?
Which American comedian born on March 21, 1962, appeared in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle?"
The 1st Alabama Siege Artillery Unit were massacred by Confederate troops under whose command?
What kind of musicians are Mark Gaudet and Jan Axel Blomberg?
Which peak stands higher, Muztagh Ata or Manaslu?
Which French aristocrat and military officer who fought in the American Revolutionary War visited this historic home located at Enfield, Halifax County, North Carolina, known as The Cellar?
Which American film actor and dancer starred in the 1945 film Johnny Angel?
The wolf pack football team represented what university? 
Which magazine is focused more on the adult demographic, Jack and Jill or Paper?
What film was Rebecca Gibney in that also had Kate Winslet in it?
What of Nico van der Meel's operatic roles was starring in a libretto based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings "A Rake's Progress"?
D1NZ is a series based on what oversteering technique?
Which American film director and actor famous for his role as Donny "The Bear Jew" Donowitz wrote the 2012 film "The Man with the Iron Fists"?
Who is Bruce Spizer an expert on, known as the most influential act of the rock era?
What notable work from French music video director Yoann Lemoine features an apology and plea for forgiveness?
What year did the Jang Hoon directed film, starring Song Kang-ho in the title role and selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards, debut?
What novel imagines the true story of a character based on a novel by Mark Twain first published in 1884?
Which facility was founded in Missouri, Discovery Zone or Valentino's?
Who was born earlier, Johnny Lujack or Jim Kelly?
Which US State, hIstorically dominated by the Republican party from 1860 to 1932 is represented by State Senator George D. Maziarz?
Which university was founded first, University of California, Berkeley or Saint Louis University?
Annette Crosbie was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for a 1976 film that is a retelling of what classic fairy tale?
What was the name of a woman from the book titled "Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine " and was also a former white house intern?
Which voice actor plays the voice of the cartoon character that is most famous for his semi-intelligible speech and his mischievous and temperamental personality?
Where did the punter for the Dallas Cowboys in the 1980s play college football?
Kevin Rowland and Lauri Ylönen both share what occupation?
The comedy play written by Shakespeare titled Twelfth Night is also know by what name?
Which of the 2017-18 Cheshire League divisions is Ashton Town Association Football Club currently a member?
In which year was the American politician, that both represented New York in the United States Senate and served as an adviser to President Richard Nixon, re-elected for a fourth term as U.S. Senator?
In what California city was the first Torrid location opened?
What type of magazine is Eugene Habecker the chairman of?
What WikiLeaks using whistleblower is notable for having a hacking organization with a user base of over 1,800,000?
Who was the author of the book "The Coming Global Superstorm" and was also the host of the radio program "Coast to Coast AM?" 
Who was the secretary to the Winter Queen?
Phil Lloyd played Tim Mathieson, the partner of this prime minister who was the 27th Prime Minister of Australia from 2010 to when
Are both American Foxhound and Löwchen types of Foxhounds?
What's the name for the character also known as Holger Danske, from medieval French chansons de geste?
Love and Poison is the official biography of an English alternative rock band formed in what city?
Which Austrian Chancellor does Jörg Leichtfried serve under?
Which director was from a country closer to Canada, J. Searle Dawley or Lionel Ngakane?
In what year was the soft drink that the Coca-Cola Company designed Red Flash to compete against created?
What was the middle name of the actress who was cast alongside Harvey Fierstein, Linda Hart, Dick Latessa, Clarke Thorell, Mary Bond Davis, Laura Bell Bundy, Matthew Morrison, Corey Reynolds, and Marissa Jaret Winokur in Hairspray?
Which drink is larger, the Apple-Kneel or the Flaming volcano?
What is the capacity of the Stadium, other than Kauffman Stadium, designed by Charles Deaton ? 
What is the name of the film directed by Alex Cox  adapted from a 1606 play starring Diana Quick as the Dutchess?
Who died more recently, Lincoln Steffens, or Monique Wittig?
Which battle came first, the Battle of Okinawa or Operation Diadem?
What kind of ships have been named after the King of Norway who ascended the throne in 1991?
What film came out first, All the Marbles or What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
Orson Scott Card first published his short story "Killing Children" in this American science-fiction magazine whose first issue was published when?
Futbolita has interviewed what Spanish Professional footballer who plays as a striker for New York City FC?
Who is older, Ivan Foster or Ian Paisley?
Where is the company that came out with VisionPLUS headquartered?
The Company They Keep is a book written by Diana Pavlac Glyer, who is a professor at a university in Azusa, California, that was founded in 1899, and is under the auspices of what religion?
Are Horace Ové and A. Edward Sutherland both photographers?
What role did Julianne Moore play in the 2002 Oscar winning movie?
What singer song writer born on December 13, 1989 wears jewelry from Porter Lyons?
Who starred in The Bronze and also showed up on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory"?
Which rugby league team which Rory Kostjasyn played for is based in Melbourne, Victoria?
Cyrina Fiallo has guest starred on which Michael Jacobs-created sitcom?
What was the population in 2010 of the town where The Stelljes House is located ?
Staten Island Summer, starred what actress who was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live"?
Is Mary Pierce or Gustavo Kuerten the older tennis player?
What job do both Alfred Santell and David Fincher have in common?
What is the nickname of the regional dialect from the city from which the English Footballer Tomi Ameobi was born in?
What is the name of the oldest child that attended the Trump campaign-Russian meeting?
The Battle of Nanchang was fought between the Chinese Nationals and what ground-based armed force of Japan?
Which British racing driver has raced for 7 different teams and won the European Grand Prix in 1999?
What sport does 200-foot game and Jonathan Toews have in common?
Which Skagen Painter favored naturalism along with Theodor Esbern Philipsen and Kristian Zahrtmann?
What was the budget of the prequel to Beyond Skyline?
Where is the stadium at which 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team played their home game located? 
Who was from farther west, Max Neufeld or Eduard Zahariev?
Where did the architect of the Governor's House, located in Knutsford, graduate from college?
Which Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame author has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press?
Who was the military commander of the last active ruler of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt?
In between Anaïs Nin and Odysseas Elytis who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What role did Slim Dunlap take when he joined the Minnesota band the Replacements in 1987?
Professor A. Selvanathan is a professor at a university that is public or private ?
Who directed the film which starred Steve Cochran and the actor who played Sheriff Roy Coffee in "Bonanza"?
When would be the professional wrestling video game release in which Mark Henry will appear as "legend"?
What is the name of the detective novelist parent of the author of '"Q" Is for Quarry'?
Which genus has more species: Sarracenia or Butea?
Who is descended from William, 4th Lord Livingston and was a statesman from New York City? 
Olivia DeJonge starred in an American horror film directed by Shyamalan called what
Which film director is younger, Robert Z. Leonard or Sinclair Hill?
At what university can the building that served as the fictional household that includes Gomez and Morticia be found?
Which American sketch comedy television series starring John C. Reilly was produced by Abso Lutely Productions?
What food does one of Daniel Greene's subjects' restaurant chain specialize in?
What season was the character introduced that becomes the main antagonist in the  following season, from the animated television series created by Bryan Konietzko and Michael Dante DiMartino as a sequel to "", which aired from 2005 to 2008? 
What is the fictional name of the mall in the movie "Back to the Future" which was filmed at the headquarters of EverTrust Bank?
What ethnicity is this American professional baseball right fielder born in 1987 play, who graduated from Nova Southeastern University?
Lost Kingdom Adventure is a dark ride located at four Legoland theme parks, including which park, which is the original Legoland park, that was opened on June 7th, 1968?
In what year was the American country rock band who's number one song was done as a cover on the album "What If?" founded?
Who is the mother of Mary Robinson in Shakespeare's "The Winter's Tale"
When was the game, in which Drew Gehling voices Gord, released for PlayStation 2?
Which film has more writers, Splash or Christopher Robin?
Katie sagona is known as what kind of actor because she was a child acting on stage or in motion pictures or television?
The winning jockey of the 1997 Cheltenham Gold Cup held a record for winner of what award 20 consecutive times?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city after which the vice president, in April 1813, was named?
What drum machine was introduced in 1989 and allowed 32 notes to be played simultaneously?
Which of the actress starred in  Zombie Night appeared in the 1998 erotic thriller "Wild Things"?
Who was a pianist, Maro Ajemian or Richard C. Sarafian?
Which was the last of four Alien films to feature Sigourney Weaver?
The king deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 was supported by the grandson of what Viscount Barnewall?
Aleksandras Stulginskis' successor held office between what dates?
Julien Kang is the younger brother of the mixed martial artist of what nationality?
What is the worth of the logo that appears alongside the "Just Do It" slogan?
What's the name of the fantasy film starring Sarah Bolger, featuring a New England family who discover magical creatures around their estate?
Simone de Beauvoir partnered with the person whose journal would be called what?
What movie did Chris Duesterdiek work on that was directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg?
What is the real name of the free jazz drummer on the album "Center of the World"?
Otterington railway station was on a 393 mi major railway that linked Edinburgh to what city?
Which magazine is based out of more countries, Adventist World or Baseball Digest?
What Labor member of the House of Representatives in the Australian Parliament was a member of the Australian Labor Party Australian Young Labor?
Metro West Ambulance serves event support for the building in Portland formerly known as what?
Near which town did the family of author of the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" own several tracts of land?
3:10 to Yuma starred what American actor also known for his role as Hoban Washburne?
The retired American professional basketball player Walt Williams attended this institution in 1988 that is in which conference today?
Jay-Z released his 1996 Rolling Stone-rated "500 Greatest" album on which record labels?
"I Wed Three Wives" is an episode of a television series that ran on what network?
Who was the head of the Imperial Family that was making an broadcast announcement of Japan's surrender in 1945?
The 2008 IIHF World Championship rosters recognized the top defenceman as which Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, who at times has been utilized as a forward, currently playing for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL)?
Substorm was described in qualitative terms by a scientist nominated for what seven times?
Who was a higher ranked tennis player: Paola Suárez or Michael Venus?
God Is Not Great is by a journalist which due to his actions made him what?
When was the movie adaption of Jennifer Weiner's novel "In Her Shoes" released?
What is the highest peak in the mountain range in which Elk Valley, Tennessee is located in?
Vince Phillips held a junior welterweight title by an organization recognized by what larger Hall of Fame?
Liverpool nurse Mimi Smith was the aunt and guardian of which one of the city's most famous sons?
What year was the film starring Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, and an actress appearing in "The Cooler" and "The Jane Austen Book Club" released?
Which Bob Stoops coached team beat the 2016 Auburn Tigers football team?
What was the estimated population of the city that Luis Villalta Aquino was from in 2012?
Which athlete was an American tennis player: Henri Kontinen or Melanie Oudin?
What anchor store in the Stratford Square Mall has 728 department store locations in the continental United States?
Which American comedian starred in the original cast of Saturday Night Live and played Stan Winters in the sitcom Martin?
The head writer for which show also wrote a Simpsons' episode narrated by James Earl Jones?
What is the current position held by the Nathan Sharansky's co-author of the book The Case for Democracy?
Which of the following bands is considered "one of the most accomplished and creative Christian bands of the '90s": Poor Old Lu or Shudder to Think?
Which occurred first, the first publication of The Ladder or Heat?
What is the name of one the ex-security officials that means The Institute?
What sport do Straight Blast Gym - Ireland and John Kavanagh have in common?
In what year did the Tornoto International Film Fesitval premiere a movie produced by BBC Films?
Pyotr Verzilov is married to a Russian conceptual artist and what kind of activist?
Which politician represents a city on the Flathead Indian Reservation?
From where was the award which has Matt James as a winner in 2012 has its name derived? 
What is the park that that People's Choice Classic is a criterium around in close proximity to?
What band in the "Art Wave" scene is based in Glasgow?
The actor that plays Joe MacMillan in "Halt and Catch Fire" also starred with Carrie Coon in what 2017 horror film?
What competition held in Kathmandu, Nepal did Julian Bolling compete in 1984?
An cricket star who played a supporting role in the film Sinhawalokanaya was a former captain of which cricket team?
John Alexander and Trent Alexander-Arnold are professional footballers from which country?
Johnny Edwards and Ian Anderson are singers, who had joined the greater number of bands?
What profession does 2007 Formula 3 Euro Series and Romain Grosjeanhave in common?
Which one of the Long Island Herald newspaper chain serves a village in Nassau County, New York with a population of 6,483?
What rapper on the song "Wij zijn Ajax" plays for the Turkish club Beşiktaş?
Francisco Mela performed with which American Jazz bassist and singer born in 1984 ?
How many exhibition games has the basketball team with which Louis Dunbar played, played? 
Young Dolph was featured on the hit single by which American hip hop recording artist?
Stephen susco wrote a movie produced by which american film actor?
Which of the following cities is a county-level city, Jingzhou or Zixing?
Who lived longer, Tony Richardson or Giorgio Ferroni?
Reggaetón Lento is a song by the boy band formed on which date?
An American who is a German literature translator and did a thesis on an Austrian prodigy born in 1874 taught at which university?
Which former American football player had a part in the movie "Gamer?"
Who is younger Chris Gould or Robbie Gould ?
What screenplay was worked on by both Edward Carfagno and Miklos Rozsa?
Which amusement park at Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City,  without being the grandest, was the island's longest lasting?
What city is home to the private research university Jung Seul-ki swam for?
 The Type 90 tank built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries is to be superseded by what generation of main battle tank of the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force?
Many jack-in-the-boxes use an English nursery rhyme with a Roud Folk Song Index number of what?
Who was the final champion of the Thailand Masters that was from Hong Kong?
What was the job title of the wife of the director of the film "Aaina?"
Who was person born in Sweden 1964 that founded Hidden City Entertainment in 2004?
Who is older, Lucy Gichuhi or Bob Day?
What band was the man who compiled the tracks for The Early Years a part of when they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
El Chavo is a video game published by Slang Publishing, that was based on what Mexican animated series that was based on another TV series created by Roberto Gomez Bolanos?
What was the nickname of Anthony Corallo, boss to "Sal" Avellino and head of the Lucchese mob family mob in New York?
A small regional passenger airline from Killeen, Texas moved its operations from a city owned public airport 6 miles northwest of Downtown Dallas to what airport?
What country do both Adnan Akmal and Kamran Akmal represent in cricket?
Which type of character is featured by the P.L. Travers's third book and last novel in the "Mary Poppins" series?
Which film was Oscar nominated, LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton or Gimme Shelter, the 1970 Rolling Stones documentary?
What country of origin does  Dana Ivey and Two Weeks Notice have in common?
The Feminine Touch is a drama film starring which English actress?
What type of media does Hot Pixel and PlayStation Portable have in common?
Which movie directed by James Gunn portrayed the fictional character, Ego the Living Planet?
 Umaru Mutallab had a son who tried to detonate materials about the flight that took place on what date?
Which river system in Chilhowie, Virginia was the starting place for most Longhunters?
Who recorded the song written by Johnny Russell
What kind of ideology is Torment's drummer involved with?
Don Swayze was one of five children.  His older brother was trained in dance by their mother, Patsy Swayze, leading to his role in "Dirty Dancing".  Who is his older brother?
Harold Brent Wallis as producer and Humphrey Bogart as actor collaborated to make what 1942 film?
What genre is What's It Gonna Be due to its 4x4 rhythm?
Alfie Allen played Theon Greyjoy on which show?
Which city has a higher population, Shanghai or Hengyang?
Docks has hosted the funk rock band formed in what city in 1983?
Where is the magazine headquartered that Robert W. McElroy writes for?
Which has more species in Asia, Disporum or Boltonia?
SLS station was designed to allow access to the area of Las Vegas that includes a hotel and casino in what other town?
Which actress appeared in Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip in 2007 and American Horror Story in 2014?
The Tanjong Pagar Centre replaced which tower finished in 1986 as the tallest building in Singapore?
How many assists did the Bosnian football player account for during the 2008–09 VfL Wolfsburg season?
Which tennis player is younger, John Newcombe or Květa Peschke?
In what order does Three Colours: Blue appear in the Three Colours trilogy?
What netflix series, produced by Joe Swanberg, had an actress  best known for her role as Vanessa on "Atlanta"?
What college in the Blue Ridge Assembly Historic District  emphasized the study of art?
What is the name of the film starring Rose McGowan and features the character Earl McGraw's daughter?
Which singer is younger, Terri Nunn or Sonya Scarlet? 
Luisa Miller is an opera with three acts, whereas Don Quichotte is an opera with how many acts?
What 2014 Academy Award winner guest starred in "Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land?
Who was born first, British novelist Doris Lessing or American writer Philip K. Dick?
Which casino closed first The Atlantic Club Casino Hotel or Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino ? 
Altnahinch is located in a county that has a population density of how many per square mile? 
Who owns the broadcasting platform where Games Done Quick is broadcast?
What third film in a franchise did Camile Delamarre edit?
What two ideals are the foundation of Neo-libertarianism?
Of Mehran University of Engineering and Technology or University of Debrecen which is in Pakistan?
Which avant-garde Japanese composer studied with John Cage and wrote Music for Electric Metronomes?
What university did the last Detroit Pistons player to wear the number retired in honor of a player nicknamed "The Worm" attend?
What album succeeded Kendrick Lamar's album that had the song Money Trees in it?
In between Remember the Titans and My Favorite Martian which film film grossed $36.8 million domestically?
What town did Sean Robert Francis play in as part of the most successful club in the Republic of Ireland?
 Kenneth Anderson served under the General who was which President of the United States?
In between Atsushi Ogata and Ralph Smart who graduated from Harvard College?
Which Canadian Professional ice hockey player of Albanian origin bought in on the deal for the Ontario Raiders?
What type of the district is the Downtown Bentonville of the state in the southeastern region of the United States which is home to over 3 million people as of 2017?
Which king of Northumbria, who possibly became king while a still a child, attempted to have Eardwulf of Northumbria assassinated?
Undiscovered Country is a reference to the concept of the afterlife as the "undiscovered country" from which opening phrase of a soliloquy spoken by Prince Hamlet in the so-called "nunnery scene" of William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet"?
A song sung by Palak Muchhal was picturized by what Indian film actress?
On what day of the week did the eleventh season's finale of American Dad air?
What census-designated place located in Nassau County, New York has as portions of it's territory, districts of Brian Curran, New York State assemblyman?
What type of building does Jim Bartels and ʻIolani Palace have in common?
Future Rhythm is the fourth album from a rap group that is from what city?
Carroll County, for 12 of the 13 counties, were named for which wealthy Maryland planter?
Which movie was Valeria Golino in that also stared Tom Cruise?
What American actress who died in 2011 starred in Fear Stalk?
Who wrote the lyrics for Linda Eder's Broadway debut?
Which aired first, Life After People or Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe?
Who has released more studio albums, 10 Years or Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros?
Katrina Ross starred in "The Singing Nun" with who as the title role?
The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America includes a patron in which actress who had a role on EastEnders?
Orchard Gateway connects what shopping mall in singapore with 313 @ Somerset?
Which women's magazine was published first, Mirabella or Home Monthly?
Back Home is a children's historical novel adapted into a TV drama starring what English actress born in 1946?
What current NHL team owner played for the team that won the Stanley cup in 1992?
What year did Christopher Nolan's magic-themed drama come out?
Two of the pharmacy schools are Midway College School of Pharmacy and which first for-profit college or university to receive the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools?
What is the city in which Bauerfield International Ariport is based out of?
Robin Pingeton replaced Cindy Stein as head coach of which university women's basketball team? 
Which South African politician won the indirect presidential election with 277 votes?
Are Mobile Regional Airport and Hoonah Airport located in California?
What coastal town in Australia did army personnel Robin Reid and Paul Luckman kidnap and bring teenage boys to beat, torture, and sexually assault them?
Which director is from the US, Wayne Wang or W. D. Richter?
Who was born first, Bobcat Goldthwait or Maurice Elvey?
Fantasy Records is know for recordings of comedian Lenny Bruce, Creedence Clearwater Revival, and what American jazz pianist who composed the music for the animated television adaptations of the "Peanuts" comic strip?
What station broadcast the episode "Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" , of the series created by Max Mutchnick and David Kohan?
James Cromwell stars in which movie that chronicles the life of Thoroughbred race horse?
Which bird-themed team did the baseball player, who frequented the Red Cedar Inn and was also known as Dizzy Dean, play for?
Which building is located a higher numbered street, Americas Tower or One Penn Plaza?
In which city is the parent company of Sterlite Industries headquartered?
 50th Military Airlift Squadron was stationed at this base named in honor of who
 What was the address of the building on U.S. Route 3 that was the tallest building in New Hampshire when completed in 1972?
Valais is known for the resort municipality in which district in Switzerland?
What band wrote the song "Blue Letter" and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998?
Which Oxford University graduate did Midge Mackenzie interview in "Women Talking"?
Which American rock band was formed first, Soil or Drowning Pool?
Kevin Short had a role as the Jailer in which three-act French opera?
Garth Richardson is the son of the producer who worked for which group that evolved from The Iveys?
What was the nationality of the "Lonely Hearts Killers"?
Who is older, Annie Morton or Terry Richardson?
What is the name of the English poet who wrote a poem titled Don Juan and also served as the real-life model of a character in the novel Glenarvon?
Pluto was the debut album of this artist who also performed on this live music venue that reopened in March 2015.
Which market town in Lancashire is part of the BB postcode area?
Which European Space Agency astronaut flew more Space Shuttle missions, Hans Schlegel of Germany or first Belgian in space Dirk Frimout?
Dick Miller acted in which movie alongside actor Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Are Buried Country and South of the Border both films turned into stage performances?
Did John Updike and Tom Clancy both publish more than 15 bestselling novels?
Season 2 of Rick and Morty began with the episode directed by whom?
 Which singer, who released his debut solo album in 2012, served as producer for the EP Live at the Third Man by White Denim in 2011?
What award was an actor born in 1955 that acted in the movie Ransom nominated for?
What band did Gator Country guitarist that co-wrote Bloody Reunion come from?
Which former New York senator did Marc Elias help run for office? 
Where did Cale Gundy's brother play football in college?
Which school is named after a person, Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology or Manhattan College? 
Where did the descendants of the group of black Indians associated with the Seminole people settle?
Which genus has 5 known species, Leonotis or Psychopsis?
The Little River Railroad is operated between Maryville and what pioneer Appalachian and resort community?
In which county of New York was Circumstantial Productions founded?
Which son of Robin Fox MC, is an English theater and film producer
Milo Parker starred in which 2014 movie alongside Gillian Anderson?
A Therapy was written and directed by what French-Polish film director who was born in Paris?
Linhai and Gongqingcheng are both what kinds of cities that are located in China?
What is the name of the largest film production company in Hong Kong that won the "Best Cinematography" at the 21st Asia Pacific Film Festival?
Which is farther north, Steel Venom or Wicked Twister?
Welcome to Nollywood and Out of the Shadow are both what?
Murray Seafield St George Head most recognised for which song from the concept album and subsequent musical "Chess" by Tim Rice, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus?
Which animal-themed Disney classic film appeared first: That Darn Cat! or Perri?
What cast member of Flashbacks of a Fool was educated at Bryanston School in Blandford, Dorset?
Rafael de Souza Pereira is a defensive midfielder for what organization that is the top level of the Mexican football league system?
what type of media does Ratatouille and PlayStation 3 have in common?
How does this series represent a function, which is also used in the Homotopy analysis method?
What man is credited eith inventing both the Leyden jar and the Tribometer?
Panic! at the Disco released their 5th studio album on what date?
Who is a Brazilian mixed martial artist in the UFC who Namsaknoi Yudthagarngamtorn coached?
Khushi Ek Roag is broadcast by a company based out of where?
Kam Heskin plays Paige Morgan in a 2004 film directed by who?
David Huntsinger has worked with this gospel singer born in the month of July?
What national team has the brother of Arturas Javtokas been a member of since 2004?
Which mountain is higher, Nanda Devi or Broad Peak?
What is the war that No. 22 Squadron RAAF followed as far as the Philippines sometimes called?
Lighthouse Beach is a small section of the Fire Island National Seashore that is adjacent to a state park in Long Island that is how big?
Who was born first, Samantha Cristoforetti or Jean-Loup Chrétien
Which American comedian, actor, writer, producer and voice actor from "Hot & Fluffy" voices a character in The Nut Job?
Eddie Jemison had a role in the television series "IZombie", which premiered on what date?
Who is older between the brothers that J. Todd Anderson has primarily worked with?
Which Eminem album included vocals from a singer who had an album titled "Unapologetic"?
Lawerence Turman had produced a film, with a character named "Johnny 5" that had a follow up sequel released in what year?
What other things did  blind Arab philosopher who is also  Abd Allah ibn al-Fadl teacher do 
Wojtek Wolski played for what team based in the Miami metropolitan area?
Which American actor tries to make his long distance relationship with Priya work in "The Infestation Hypothesis"  
What year did the CEO of Tata Consultancy Services takeover as Chairman?
What is the given name of the character depicted as Juliet Hulme in Heavenly Creatures?
What type of musician does Beau Bokan and Jason Scheff have in common?
Are either Edward H. Griffith or Edward Burns from Germany?
Which magazine was founded first, Diva or Elle?
Manni Sandhu worked with what singer that was born in 1977?
What type of ovulation does the animal formerly known as the pygmy chimpanzee have?
What American actor amd director is the son of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher?
What singer who was the seventh place finalist on the 7th season of American Idol first recorded the song Like My Mother Does
Are either The Pogues or Pillar an electronic dance music group?
What apartment complex originally constructed in 1927 is included in Manhattan Community Board 6?
Frank Blake's longtime protégé was also the chairman and CEO of what company in addition to The Home Depot?
An English operatic tenor performed "Walking in the Air" for which 1982 animated film?
What national historic district is located near a village in the town of Philipstown, New York?
In what year was the 1965 World Series MVP elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame?
What WB supernatrual drama series was Jawbreaker star Rose Mcgowan best known for being in?
 Billy Preston is an American college basketball player for a team that competes in what?
What is the National Grape Cooperative Association classified as?
What actor iin the 1999 remake of "The Mummy" appears in Drool?
What is the name of the character portrayed by Anna Camp in the film centered on the fictional Barden University and The Bellas?
Muz-TV was launched before the 24-hour music channel that was operated by what company?
What actor played the male lead in a teen comedy about a high school nerd directed by Steve Rash? 
Which battle took place closer to New York City, Battle of Fredericksburg or the Western Allied invasion of Germany ?
Which has more members, Dada or Alt-J?
Connetquot High School  is a public high school in what city in New York?
What is the financial group which created the Sporting Portugal Fund?
Which continent have a distribution of both the Ternstroemia and Cussonia genus of plants? 
What is the date of birth of the English inventor that developed the Richard Hornsby & Sons oil engine? 
What year was the song that some critics compared to "Fading" released? 
Who was born first, Frank I. Cobb or Joseph Pulitzer?
What member of the South Korean-Chinese boy group EXO stars in the upcoming movie "The Underdog"?
About how many people are employed by the company founded by Denise Coates?
Which American musician, principally known for his work as guitarist, vocalist and songwriter released the Voice Of Reason album?
Which "The Chronicles of Narnia" character is prominently featured in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and is a close friend with Lucy Pevensie whom she meets in the Lantern Waste.
Two positions were filled in The Voice of Ireland b which British-Irish girl group based in London, England?
What is the nationality of the most successful female ski racer ever?
What is the current home arena of the NHL team Chris Summers plays for?
Caleb Kelly plays for a football team with whom as head coach?
Who founded Methodism along with the man who was also part of the revival movement in England and the Great Awakening in the United States?
what other school is located in the same suburb as the Ghana Police College?
What is name of the mountains near this autonomous community, in which Spanish politician Felipe Alcaraz was born?
Which film was released more recently, Make Mine Music or Old Dogs?
What religion is the composer for India's first science fiction film series?
Which song did Eminem and Rihanna collaborate on after their other collaboration song in studio album "Unapologetic?"
Curt Menefee is the host of the Fox network's NFL show with co-host Michael Anthony Strahan who spent his entire 15-year career with what team?
Securinega and Zamioculcas are both examples of what?
Who was the winner of the European Cup the year that 39 people were killed?
Was Hoobastank or Fountains of Wayne formed first?
In which suburb of Melbourne, Australia did Harold Edward Holt go missing?
When was the album released that The Red Tour supported?
What actor born in 1951 starred in Aaj Ka Robin Hood?
What profession does Nora Roberts and Elizabeth Hardwick have in common?
Which year was the more recent engine series, the Honda K or Honda H, introduced?
Who was undefeated since the Athens games with 28 medals?
Which American professional poker player also starred in the 2015 movie "Extraction"?
Are the Barton Mine and Hermiston-McCauley Mine located in The United States of America?
What type of film was the Benn F. Reyes's Dr. Strangelove?
Jet Airways is the second largest airlien after a low cost airline located in which city ?
Where is stadium that was named after Rodney Cline Carew?
Who directed a 2005 supernatural horror film starring an actress who appeared in The Patriot and Kill Your Darlings
George E. Blake was born in Yorkshire, England, formerly known as what?
Flyboys stars which actor who was nominated for an Academy Award for "127 Hours"?
Was American Scientist or Dwell published first?
Barranca de Yaco is a geographical feature along an ancient road that is approximately how many miles long?
What is name of one of the primary holders of Schottenstein Stores Corp which was born in 1954?
Who is older Craig Nicholls or Norman Blake ?
Bill Woodfull opened pairing with what cricketer who died in April of 1991?
In which University is Richard Williams' former assistant a member of the Athletics Hall of Fame?
How many records did Shane Lynch sell as a member of Boyzone?
Where was one of Sergei Prokofiev's most well-known operas first performed in 1921?
Was Talking Heads and Man or Astro-man? formed further north?
Which star of The Human Stain was born in 1937?
In addition to his role in The Fattest Man in Britain, Bobby Ball is best known for his half of the doublt act Cannon and Ball with which other comedian?
Are both Volvic and Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge natural spring waters ?
The Shrewsbury & Newport Canals Trust promotes the restoration of what navigable canal in England?
What soldier and statesman was also a brother to James FitzJames mother?
During which period the sedan variant of the Volvo V50 car was manufactured?
Which television network that aired Gameshow Marathon has been owned by the Bell Media division of BCE, Inc since 2000?
Socialist Thought and Practice was a magazine that was regarded as an important veicle for a form of management based on what?
What city does Saint Paul School of Theology and United Methodist Church of the Resurrection have in common?
TimeCamp enables what type of commercial documents from a seller to a buyer?
What American pianist and composer was a guest muscian on the Manhattan Blues Project album by Steve Hunter?
Which country is the Taipa island part of?
What occupation is shared by both Marge Piercy and Richard Aldington?
Archie Norman will succeed Robert Swannell as chairman of what British multinational retailer that is headquartered in the city of Westminster, London?
What is the name of the field marshal and strategist who was the mastermind behind the Schlieffen Plan?
Stanley "Tookie" Williams founded which African-American gang in Los Angeles, California in 1969?
Mariana Kovacevic used horse placenta treatment to heal the captian of what team?
