[[en]onlyC_couldnot_ans]

What year was the film "Mom" released, starring the voice of Shashaa Tirupati?
What CBS-affiliated station serves Pontotoc County, Oklahoma?
Were both Roger Donaldson and André Cayatte french filmmakers?
Which two teams did the the head coach of The 2007 San Diego State Aztecs play for professionally?
The group formed during the summer of 2007 included what girl born in 1987?
What are The Ready Set and Cell?
In which 2017 film did this South Korean actor of  "Dream High" (2011) and the 2012 South Korean television drama series featuring Han Ga-in, Jung Il-woo and Kim Min-seo appeared in 2017?
What was the country which has border with the village where an Austrian forest caretaker, naturalist, pseudoscientistref>Ronald Engert: "Die Forellenturbine als Prinzip der kostenlosen Energiegewinnung born?
Are Richard Yardumian and Edward Khantzian both Harvard psychiatry professors?
Which rivers have their confluence at the city Shelly Hruska is from?
What was Terry Owen's son's profession after retiring from football?
At the 66th Academy Awards, the awards for technical achievements were presented by what host who was nominated for Best Actress for "Rambling Rose"?
Which English crime writer wrote the 2005 psychological thriller "The Devil's Feather"?
Sylvia Cecil performed musicals by the playwright and composer of what nationality?
Woodland is a census-designated place in a town that had this population as of the 2010 census?
Which battle lasted longer, Battle of Hürtgen Forest or Battle of Pusan Perimeter?
Laurie Davidson is an English actor known for playing a fictionalized version of a young William Shakespeare on a show that was canceled on what date?
Who directed the film to which " A Perfect Murder" was a modern remake? 
Grigori 3's music is commonly compared to an American rock band founded in what year?
Although he mostly provided backing vocals as part of this group, Mark Owen's first single "Four Minute Warning" released on 4 August 2003, was once part of this English pop music group.
Walt Zeboski photographed which 40th President during his campaign in 1980?
Which grandson of Emperor Nicholas 1 was the father of Princh John Konstantinovich of Russia?
Who directed the 1971 film in which Pat Ashton starred in?
Which occurred first, Phillips v. Martin Marietta Corp. or Roth v. United States?
As a Nazi hunter, Simon Wiesenthal, was apart of a fued in what time frame?
The world's greatest Super-Heroes anthology showcased one of four superheroes known for speaking the phrase "SHAZAM", what was their name?
Are Ural Federal University and California State Polytechnic University, Pomona both public universities?
Careers and The Really Nasty Horse Racing Game are both what kind of game?
The song Justice was used for a WWE event that took place on what day ?
Are Hungry Hungry Hippos and Parcheesi both published by Parker Brothers?
Who was born first, Mary Collins or Polly Draper?
Thomas Francis Murphy had a role in which 2008 comedy film?
Who is older Carrie Akre or Shifty Shellshock?
Who plays opposite the double Olivier Award-winning English actress in the 2000 TV film following the relationship between "Carry On" film actors Sid James and Barbara Windsor?
What "sport" involving animals dates all the way back to the Tang Dynasty and continued to the beginning of the 19th century?
What Harry Potter actor strred in My Boy Jack?
Are Milk Lake, Taiwan and Larnaca Salt Lake both located in Asia?
Which 2008 American documentary film, Pond Hockey or I.O.U.S.A., delves into fiscal issues?
What tv series did Benny Ciaramello co-star in with a person that was also in the film "The Bang-Bang Club"?
Wagner Moura received what nomination for playing the lead role of "The King of Cocaine"? 
This radio programme that originally aired from October 1995 to April 2000 starred a critic working in what field?
Hugo Rodríguez Romero is a Spanish footballer who plays for a team in the autonomous community of what?
What type of sprite did Milada Šubrtová portray in Antonín Dvořák's reknowned opera?
Gary L. Bennett was a part of the space missions that have a primary destination of what celestial body?
Who was the director of the 2007 American fantasy comedy film in which the actor best known for playing Michael Scott on the the American version of "The Office" starred?
Who was born earlier, Robert Mulligan or James Foley?
What profession did Alan Crosland and Kurt Voss both hold?
How many animals does the wall running between the West Gate Lodge and Cardiff Castle depict?
Which opera had more contributions to its making from friends of the composer of the opera, Eugene Onegin or The Devil and Kate?
Which sport has been played at the BayArena in Leverkusen, Germany, since 1958?
Arizona State Route 51 (SR 51) is named after a Native American woman belonging to what tribe?
Alex da Kid worked on an a track with Eminem released in what year?
Which actress does this Netflix's project by Nick Bernardone and Tina Fey star in the title role?
Who was born first, Ana Kasparian or Andre Agassi?
Are both Elko Regional Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport located in Michigan?
Does MedStar Washington Hospital Center or Children's National Medical Center have more beds?
Are Florida Atlantic University and Cleveland State University both colleges in the US?
Which of Mabel Keyes Babcock's distant relatives wrote "Of Plymouth Plantation" and served as Governor of the Plymouth Colony? 
The city that hosted the Olympics where Taiwan competed as Chinese Taipei is situated at the confluence of what two rivers?
Gleanntáin Ghlas' Ghaoth Dobhair is a song that can be heard in pubs licensed to serve what?
What Old English poem commemorates the capturing of the five main towns of Danish Mercia?
How many members did Joseph Yablonski's union have in 2014?
Which 1949 British black comedy film does the Skindles hotel appear on? 
Stitch's Great Escape! replaced the theater-in-the-round attraction in which section of the Magic Kingdom theme park?
What year was the singer of "Orange" born?
Giuseppina Tuissi played a role in the execution of a National Fasict Party leader, as well as what female associated with the leader?
What creature of American folklore gained notoriety in 1964?
Which university is this American philosopher, theologian, and Christian apologist, who supports theistic science, professor at?
What Congressional district featured Republican nomiee Willie Vaden in 2004, 2006, and 2008?
Ist das Ihr Fahrrad Mr O’Brien? is a German biographical radio play about life, works and legacy of an Irish novelist whose many satrical columns were written under what name?
What exit of Garden State Parkway should you take in order to get to the Seacourt Pavilion?
Chris Jones is a semi-professional footballer, who played with what goalkeeper for Derby County when he was with Yorkshire?
In what London botanical garden can you find the fungus described by Elise Maud Wakefield as "Lepiota"?
A. N. Prabhu Deva is the former vice chancellor of a university located in what state?
Who was hung for assisting the attempted surrender of a defector from the American Continental Army to the British Army?
Which is bigger, Griffon Bruxellois or English Mastiff?
In which part of Attica was the battle of Marathon in 490 BC fought?
The Minister for Defence Industry is currently the member of the Australian House of Representatives from what city?
Which American Space Western animated series did Celebrity Home Entertainment released 
Jens Risom introduced what type of design, characterized by minimalism and functionality?
The Battle of the Catalaunian Plains involved the king of the nomadic tribes of which peoples?
Leonard Stogel managed which rock singer known for his robe-and-turban outfit?
What is the nationality of a famous photograher who worked as a set photographer in Hollywood film productions?
Which documentary film was created first, The End of Suburbia or Super High Me?
What waltz was composed by "The Waltz King" in 1844?
Me and You and Everyone We Know was directed by an artist who also directed what 2011 film?
What character played by Laurence Olivier in 1969 was an officer in the Royal Air Force
Flynn Rider is voiced by which American actor and singer born September 29, 1980?
Which region of Austria means 'Estate of the Salt Chamber' and covers the village of Obertraun, a popular destination for skiing and snowboarding in the winter?
Louis XVI style sought to evoke the artistic styles that were just then being rediscovered in  Pompeii and this ancient Roman town that was destroyed in what year
A molera is a "hole" in the head of a breed of dog that comes in two what?
Elle Royal's video "What Can I Say" went viral after she was featured as “Female Artist of the Week” by a video blog founded in what year?
The first of the Simon Bloom books was optioned by a company founded in what year?
Which director, John Schlesinger or Barbara Albert, was also a writer and film producer?
What officially ended the first phase of the military conflict between the British Raj and the Emirate of Afghanistan from 1878 to 1880?
Which former "Home and Away" actor stars in the film "Office Uprising"?
How many miles does the train, which passes through the Amtrak Jacksonville station and shares the track with the Silver Meteor, run?
What is this group referred to as that this Russian composer, who wrote "The Songs and Dances of Death," is a member of?
What is the name of the ethnic group who settled in Canada in the 17th century that participated in a conflict with Irish Catholic immigrants in the Shiners' War?
The Distribution of Industry act was passed by a man who was prime minister when? 
What English campaigner for the suffragette movement did Angela Down portray? 
What 2-year worldwide tour had a round stage and a band that performed a song never before performed live?
What is the birthday of the singer whose songs are remixed in Queen of Clubs Trilogy: Onyx Edition?
Which body of water flows through more states, Tamiami Canal or Genesee River?
Henry Roth and Lewis Mumford are both this nationality?
What current state is the location of unrecognized and autonomous territory in the United States created in 1784 that was led by David Campbell?
Who is the current governor of the state where former wrestler Stephen Cepello painted the Governor's Mansion?
What speech by Abraham Lincoln was part of Richard Heffner's A Documentary History of the United States?
Frankenweenie featured the voice of a Canadian American actress who is known for Second City Television, as well as what 1996 movie that was directed by Christopher Guest?
Who founded the company that Robinsons-May is a subsidiary of ?
The birthplace of George McCall Theal is a port city of what bay?
What was the highest ranking in the United States for a single written by an English multi-instrumentalist?
What Guatemalan Latin pop singer and songwriter  and writer of "El amor es un fantasma" shared a stage with Cristian Sáez Valdés Castro?
Gérard Dubois opened the first La Rose Noire in which complex of office towers and hotels in Hong Kong?
Who hosted the ITV show Celebrities Under Pressure and All Star Family Fortunes?
What's the NASDAQ ticker code for Spirit Airlines, based at Detroit Metro Airport among others and an ultra low cost carrier?
What genre was the movie that Austin Nichols was in with Kirsten Dunst?
What date was the person born that Samuel Flores Borrego was the right hand man of? 
Who did an actress from The Secret of NIMH play in A Patch of Blue?
Which college is located in the United States, University of Delaware of University of Debrecen?
What regional capital town is close to the all female  Notre Dame High School in Fiapre?
"Black Maverick" is a biography of what American civil rights leader, fraternal organization leader, entrepreneur and surgeon?
In what city was the song "Where is Love" first staged and did Oliver Twist meet the Artful Dodger?
The last Republic serial made about a superhero stars what actor in the title role?
when was american stunt performer which Stunt Cycle attempted to cash in with born 
Edmundas Malūkas was the former mayor of the lake resort how far west of the capital of Lithuania?
What city does the company that owns Bumble and bumble have its headquarters in?
What group of participants that carried of Operation Neptune Spear is sometimes referred to in the U.S. media as a Special Mission Unit? 
Who is the manufacturer of the plane that shot down Jameel Sayhood?
what air force based named in honor of Carl Benjamin "Ben" Eielson is located 26 miles southeast of Fairbanks, Alaska?
Who was born first, Maurice Ravel or William Walton?
In which period the first King of Norway's son who was the king of Norway?
What was the release year of the song which, according to Peter Viney, appeared on most subsequent live album and compilations?
The American cable and satellite television channel that April "Ape" Margera appears upon is owned by whom?
Who is both an Austrialian-born British independent filmaker and is known for his work  with the YouTube series THE PERIODIC TABLE OF VIDEOS?
What multinational professional services firm, headquartered in London, England, is one of the "Big Four" accounting firms and is also a tenant in InfoPark, Kochi?
When did the British philosopher whose works inspired Kate Horsley's interest in Zen die?
Which goal scoring player in the 1992 FA Cup Final was Welsh?
Were Joss Whedon and Norman Mailer both Americans?
Which f beer brewed in the Pajottenland region  American wild ale similar to 
Are Portland International Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport both located in Oregon?
Hate Them is the ninth album by a band likened to who?
What award did the writer of Never Let Me Go novel win in 1989?
What is the middle name of the actress who plays Bobbi Bacha in Suburban Madness?
What was the name of the 1996 loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Romeo & Juliet" written by James Gunn?
Which movie produced by Esta Malka Charkham was the first to star a woman as the lead role?
Which US Supreme court case involved a waiver of right to counsel Planned Parenthood v. Casey or Montejo v. Louisiana?
Which satellite suburb of Melbourne is partially included in the Electoral district of Bass?
What is the birthplace of YouTube's 2016 overview featured creator Wengie?
What city did the name come from for the Polish truck manufacturer who sold to various countries, including more than the socialist states of Central and Eastern Europe?
What cartel drug lord with the reputation as "The King of Cocaine" partnered with Jack Carlton Reed to provide drugs to the United States in the 20th century?
What medieval fortress is believed to refer to a chapel at the bottom of a hill?
Mawson  is an electoral district that includes the wine regional around which town 35 km south of Adelaide?
The 2014–15 UEFA Champions League knockout phase lead to the final of the 23rd season since it was renamed from what?
Which scientist at the University of Alabama in Huntsville co-developed a satellite temperature record with John Christy?
Frank Lamson-Scribner was adopted by a family near which town in Kennebec County?
Orlando Maturana had to compete with what other Colombian retired footballer for the national football team's striker position?
The musician who did "Khalaara" was born on what date?
What New York representative and politician was defeated by Alan Hevesi in 2002?
What company has a headquarters in Whitley, Convernty, United Kingdom?
Who is the television producer who created a 2011 American film based on a novel by Hunter S Thompson?
The author of "We Were Soldiers Once… And Young" received what military decoration for valor?
Who has won more Grand Slam women's doubles titles, Lisa Raymond or Liezel Huber?
From which alphabet was this alphabet derived that the name of the club Ilysiakos B.C. has the starting letter of?
When was the younger brother of Farshid Karimi born ?
The competition Lev Oborin won in 1927 is held in what city?
Chris Williams last played for which football club from the National League North?
Have tennis players Françoise Dürr and Mate Pavić both won a doubles title?
 What did an English former footballer purchase in march 2009?
What American bluegrass singer performed the song Restless with The New Nashville Cats?
Edoardo Soleri is playing on loan from which Italian football club?
Who wrote the lyrics to the theme song that was used by the Western film series Range Busters?
The German software corporation who has established Remote Function Call (RFC) has its headquarters in what city?
Which film is older, Monsters, Inc. or Earth?
Prominent Danish Tibetologist Per Kjeld Sørensen is a professor of Central Asian Studies at Leipzig University that was founded by who?
What is the height of the tallest mountain from which the Glen River flows?
Spaceware Sky Division II is manufactured by this subsidiary, which is one of twelve subdivisions of Inner Mongolia, China?
Are NRG Energy and Raymond James Financial  based in Great Britain?
What Province in Sicily, founded in the eighth century B.C., was the birthplace of the famous historical mathematician Archimedes?
The Missouri attorney general election of 2012 ended in a loss for which attorney and CNN contributor?
What was the name of the storm that was the fifth hurricane of the season where Miami, Florida became the new National Hurricane Center?
Tysons Galleria is located in what county?
Which is a comedy film, The Million Dollar Duck or Don Quixote?
The 2011 La Manga Cup was won by Viking, who beat which Norwegian football club from the town of Kristiansand, currently playing in Tippeligaen having been promoted from Adeccoligaen in 2012?
Which was built first Woolworth Building or 1 New York Plaza?
Which U.S. State contains tropical wetlands and Diamondback Airboats?
What substance is always in a trap to prevent the passage of anything from either direction,  even sewer gases? 
The Death of Cook depicts the death of James Cook at a bay on what coast?
Which band was formed first, Lit or Adorable?
Who did the actor that plays Sean Tully defeat in a dancing contest?
Soundcloud rap has been used by which rapper from Lauderhill, Florida?
How many novels are there in the series of novels of which Shadows in Flight is the tenth novel ?
In what country was Cudjoe's leader born?
Francisco Jose Hernandez was a participant in an invasion that took place in what year?
Emmett Brown rides in a sports car that features what type of doors?
Which had a bigger population in the 2016 census: Queens or Staten Island?
Who is considered the more well known author, Roger Angell or Harry Stephen Keeler?
The Order of th elithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas features one of the earliest symbols of Lithuania, that was used by the Lithuanian Republic as a minor state symbol during what period?
In what city is the mortgage lending company, founded by Dan Gilbert, headquartered?
I'd Come for You is a single by the band formed in what Alberta city?
At what frequency the magazine publishes which ranked  Aditya Puri #24th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list?
What former nose tackle announced ESPN College Football Friday Primetime in 2017?
In what year did the director of The Lion King win the Tony Awards?
What occupations do Toshi and Emily Haines share?
YouPorn was surpassed, in 2013, by competitor sites xHamster, Pornhub, LiveJasmin, and this website that is registered to the Polish company WGCZ Holding? 
Maximilian Büsser was the CEO of a company that produced timepieces from which country?
Revival of 1800 was a series of evangelical christian meetings. In what month did Francis Asbury begin attending the revival meetings ?
Dangerous is a book by which political commentator?
The Reverend Jesse Bushyhead was a member of a Cherokee faction led by a chief born in what year?
What 1996 book was written by the founder of Media Matter for America?
San Jose Secondary Educational Center, is located on the cost of what sea? 
What sport is featured in the film in which Kwon Yu-ri made her film debut ?
What relationship did the inventors of the technique through which plywood can be bent in three dimensions have?
In which European language is "Olympischerer" an adjective?
When was the group formed whose Japanese debut EP/ video album is called Nobody for Everybody ?
The historical Nimavar school in the Nimavar Bazaar, or bazar, is located in which country?
What crossroads is the town located 10 km north of the Charcoal Tank Nature Reserve located?
Which band The Innocence Mission or Starflyer 59 was formed first ?
The author of The Thing of It Is... is what Nationality?
What is the name of the singer who's song was released as the lead single from the album "Confessions", and that had popular song stuck behind for eight consecutive weeks?
What region has the indigenous language that includes the word Catuaba?
Was Kanako Momota or Mark Hollis born first?
Which "Roseanne" star is in Scream 2?
Who did Fredric Rieders tesify agains who had killed as many as 60 patients and recieved three consecutive life terms to be served in Florence Colorado?
What boy band formed in Orlando, Florida in 1993 performed at the 2001 Kids Choice Awards?
Who is prime minister of this West African country that covers 36125km2?
Drachen Fire was a roller coaster located behind which suspended coaster at Busch Gardens Williamsburg?
Which guitar brand was endorsed by the band centered by Ann and Nancy Wilson?
The United States Senate election in Hawaii that took place in 1992 ended with the winning of which Japanese-American politician?
What monster truck team was created by a man from Kill Devil Hills?
Which 2017 American 3D film was written by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio?
Which playwright lived a longer life, Edward Albee or J. M. Barrie?
Which is a flowering plant, Pueraria or Pleiospilos?
Who directed and wrote the 2016 film featuring the voice of Townsend Coleman?
The Ameican Jazz saxophonist nicked named the "Hawk", once played with what musician who died in 2009 and once played with Johnny Carson during Carson's residency?
What record company does distribution for Joan Marie Larkin and Kenny Laguna?
The actress that plays Kaylee Frye in the series "Firefly" also stars with Alan Dale in a sci-fi tv film released in what year?
What year was the essay which Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West criticized in their book, "The Future of the Race" first published?
What professional baseball player who played for the Brooklyn Robbins in 1928 and 1929, attended college in Denton, Texas?
What country of origin does Jerry Barrett and Florence Nightingale have in common?
Which musician played in the band Soulfly, Max Cavalera or Billy Idol?
Who led the Texian Army in the battle in whichJoseph L. Bennett served as lieutenant colonel?
Over how many centuries were the "dwelling place of the dead" built?
A journal to which Jim Rasenberger contributes is the official journal of an institute located in what city?
Jim Atchison was the President of the theme park that had headquarters in what city?
Which is the Oil Capital of China, Chaoyang District, Shantou, or Daqing?
What country are both Dafeng District and Jixi in?
Japanese Weekend School of New York has offices in the entertainment complex in what section of New Rochelle?
Are both Kaiping and Pingxiang, Guangxi located in Guandong Province?
Rex Salas is an American record producer who worked with an American singer and actress who has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry, and is sometimes referred to as what?
James Garner had a role in the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom?
Ray Roughler Jones single-handedly produced the magazine Roughler, but what Swedish singer-songwriter made contributions to the magazine?
George Borba was part of the team that competed at what 1970 championship?
Which Canadian heavy metal band is Safe  the second EP by 
Davey Brozowski is a percussionist for a band that formed in what city in Washington?
What is the middle name of the former Stanford Cardinals player who caught 57 passes for 1010 yards and 14 TDs?
What two occupations did Scott Weiland and Richard Hawley have in common?
One of the signatories of the Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy was which Presbyterian pastor, known for taking a more presuppositional approach to apologetics?
What was the name of the company that produced  the first practical jet aircraft that first flew on 27 August 1939?
KSCW-DT is part of a duopoly with which virtual channel 12 in Wichita?
In what league does the team play that has Marko Dmitrović as a player ?
Which city is the home of the character that might be based on John Capozzi?
Were the films Crazy Love and Welcome to Nollywood both released in 2008?
What is the birth name of the disc jockey that notably used Mark Wirtz's song "A Touch of Velvet, A Sting of Brass" on their Radio Caroline show?
What is the city where Orville Siegfried went to college and that is located in Jackson county?
Jessica Jones is a television series created for Netflix, the second in the series of the shows that lead to "The Defenders" miniseries after what show released on Netflix earlier?
Which Roman Emperor was grandfather to the children of Mark Antony?
At which arena does the team, for which Adam McKenzi is currently a member, play their home games?
The show featuring a young boy named Gerald Bald Z premiered on what TV channel? 
Which American audio engineer and clandestine chemist, who was a key figure in the San Francisco Bay Area hippie movement during the 1960s recorded the album "Old and in the Way?"
What is the name of the genocidal mass slaughter of Tutsi Rwanda, in which Cyprian and Daphrose Rugamba were assassinated?
 Heaven starred what Australian actress who portrayed Katharine Hepburn in the 2004 film "The Aviator?"
Who was born first D. Ross Lederman or Stefan Ruzowitzky?
How many times has the author of Writing with Intent been shortlisted for the Booker Prize ? 
Which was founded first, Dain Rauscher Wessels or Berenberg Bank?
"The Fixer" is a song from an album produced by who ?
What did Eric Radomski produce that premiered on Disney XD on May 26, 2013?
The physicist who is responsible for identifying the Rabi cycle won what award?
Mundo Perdido was influenced by an ancient Mesoamerican city located in a sub-valley of the Valley of Mexico, that is 40 km northeast of what modern day city?
Nick Hexum of which American rock band helped produce Decomposer by The Matches?
Which film, The Happiest Millionaire or Mars Needs Moms, was created first?
Which author wrote about a woman captured by the Symbionese Liberation Army?
Which of the writers of "The Telltale Head"  was born on February 15, 1954?
Who was most well-known as a radio personality and disc jockey, John Garabedian or Charles A. Agemian?
New Hampshire Route 124 runs between two regions, one of which is found in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States with the population of about 2000 and is named what?
Who was involved in the arrest of Dread Pirate Roberts?
During which months of the year does the goalkeeper for Bengaluru FC play? 
Were Robert Holdstock and H. L. Mencken both known for being satirists?
The Belton Estate is a novel by an English novelist of the Victorian era, whose best known works are a series of novels that are collectively known as what?
what was the birth date of the poker player that wrote "Super/System"?
What is the year of the event that occured first, Skeeter stopped teaching at his alma mater,or Emmett Kelly died?
Which hip hop act that collaborated in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series was also a trio that was formed in New York?
What is the origin of the National Space Olympiad and Kalpana Chawla ?
The manufacturer that owns the company that currently produced and marketed Skittles is headquartered in what US state?
What other country does the league that Taylor Eric Kemp played in represents the sport's highest level besides the United States?
Which constituent college of the University of Oxford in England was Francis Leighton warden of?
Which pizza chain has locations in more cities, Round Table Pizza or Marion's Piazza?
What is the nick name of this former American professional football player who played as a linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League (NFL) and appeared on the American detective television "Lawless?"
Who is older, Jed Hoyer or John William Henry II?
What Italian region does Slinzega come from?
Lafe Pence was a member of which lower chamber of the United States congress?
Are Brooklyn and Tower 49 both part of New York City?
Which airport Albany International Airport and Dane County Regional Airport is nearer its local town ?
The Innocents is a 1961 gothic horror film that was based on a novella by Henry James published in what year?
Which actor and film director is from German Jewish descent, Kurt Gerron or Dell Henderson?
Which author dedicated a 1985 romance novel to the author who did in 2009 and wrote under the pen name Gwyneth Moore?
What area once connected Great Britain to continental Europe, and is thought to have been submerged around 6,200 BCE by a massive landslide along 290 km of the continental shelf?
Which Indian actor is best known for his role in the film Tadakha following his debut in the 2009 film Josh?
What team does the third place winner from the 2006 San Marino Grand Prix currently compete with?
Which band was formed first Killing Joke or Acceptance ?
How many times has the author of Negotiating with the Dead been shortlisted for the Booker Prize ?
Thomas Major was the engraver to the estranged son of which monarch?
Alternative facts is a phrase use by this U.S. Counselor to the President born in what year?
Monroe Regional Airport and Deadhorse Airport are both in this country?
Who was one of the stars who played the two oldest children in a TV series which had a 2010 movie based on it?
Nicholas Pinnock stars as Jason Backland in a series direccted by who ?
 What annual event occurs on a property co-founded by an American who was the best-selling recording artist of the 20th century?
Who played the crime boss considered the father of modern organized crime in the 1997 drama Hoodlum?
Are George Stevens and Luc Besson American cinematographers?
Which American filmmaker has directed more films, Jon Paul Puno or Ken Kwapis?
How large is the lake that is near Wyee Point?
H-63 is a highway that runs near the county seat of what Michigan county?
In what city did the 23rd overall pick of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft helped the United States national junior team win a bronze medal?
Cudjoe Kazoola Lewis was brought illegally to the United States on board a ship that was how many feet long?
Who was the king of England who became king after the death of his younger brother and whose reign was chaotic due to rivalry with relatives until his own death a few decades later?
The Westchester Knicks are a basketball team in a minor league basketball organization that was known as what from 2001 to 2005?
How much was Ammon Bundy's son ordered to pay in grazing fees?
C. Bernard Jackson founded the center that started the career of which actor, who played the part of Marty Castillo in "Miami Vice"?
Bordan Tkachuk was the former CEO of which company, which provides IT products?
Were Jeff Martin and Kyle Patrick both in The Click Five?
Which genus expands to the Pacific Ocean islands, Osteomeles or Medinilla?
Reinhold O. Schmidt was a UFO contactee in the same era as which Polish-American citizen?
Who won the special election in 2014 to replace Bill Young?
GamesMaster has a sister publicantion that is published how many times per year?
What is the name of the Isles who were led by Aonghus Mór and covered a total land area of over 8300 km2?
What was the nickname of the player who played his final season for the 2016 Miami Dolphins before dying in an accident?
What is the name of the region that includes the cities Dover and Portsmouth, New Hampshire?
Which CEO of FedEx becked  Value America 
Yves Apollinaire Pede made sand paintings of which South African anti-apartheid revolutionary? 
What year did the shopping centre on the street numbered B411 open in the space of in the retail space of the former William Whiteley Limited department store?
"Up There Down There" is a rock song written by an american guitarist who married a fellow rock musician by the name of what?
Blinding Edge Pictures produced which 2000 film starring Bruce Willis?
What languages did the son of Sacagawea speak?
What film was written and directed by Joby Harold with music written by Samuel Sim?
What 2017 Christopher B. Landon directed American slasher film is Jessica Rothe starring in?
Who made a spoof of the Radiohead's fourth studio album?
Who won more Grand Slam doubles titles, Tony Roche or Jamie Murray?
Hoy Es Manana is by what Mexican Actress and singer, who is the current First Lady of Chiapas State, Mexico?
Which film starring Patrick Tatten is based on a book written by Steve Lopez?
Pippa Hinchleyplayed Elaine Fenwick on a British Soap opera shown on what channel?
Which 9th longest-running musical in Broadway history was the 30th Disney animated feature film?
What instrument of war was only used by the President of the United States who was born in Lamar, Missouri?
Who directed the film in which Catherine Ann "Kate" Bosworth made her debut?
The Cleveland Thyagaraja Festival is a type of festival that honors a type of music in what language?
Who has won more awards, Dan Schneider or Helen Hunt?
What regular performer at the R-26 club in Paris was known for her banana-themed costume?
Which radio station did Nic Nolan Programme Director for? 
What is the height of the player who won the 2015 AFL Rising Star award?
Have filmmakers Enrico Cocozza and Mira Nair both been nominated for awards for their work?
What role did Anne Innes-Ker, Duchess of Roxburghe (daughter of the 7th Duke of Marlborough) serve to Queen Victoria?
Who was born in 1922 and published a book in 1985 by Delacorte Press?
Which was released first, The Climb or Voices of Iraq?
What podcast was the cheif executive officer of Nerdist Industries a guest on?
3 Arts Entertainment had at least one coalition with what streaming service, with its 13-episode, 2015 season of a Tina Fey created sitcom?
Who is the former pentecostal preacher who released the comedy album Leader of the Banned in 1990?
Blackfin is a family of processors developed by the company that is headquartered in what city?
The arena in which the Adelaide Adrenaline play is also home to the world's first what?
Does Il trovatore have less acts than La rondine
In the 1970s, which group acquired this department store group in the United Kingdom whose co-founding director is the father of Lieutenant Colonel Donald Swain Lewis?
Which swiss watch company was forced to merge by the swiss banks in 1983?
When did the tour begin for the album Taylor Swift released on October 22, 2012?
Tim O'Kelly was cast in a film because he resembled a killer nicknamed what?
What is the estimated population of the city in which the suburb of Beaumont is located ?
Creation Entertainment is located in a city with what estimated 2014 population?
OU812 was the second album to feature a vocalist that also played what instrument in "Finish What Ya Started"?
What is the birthday of the Earl of Merioneth?
Who was born first, Connie Willis or Margaret Landon?
Morgan Paull played Dave Holden in a 1982 film loosely adapted from a novel by what author?
What nationality was the pirate who along with Robert Culliford stole Jean Fantin's ship ?
What film did Tom Wu appear in that also starred Jason Statham and Ray Liotta? 
Mark Lawrence played for the Dallas Stars and which other NHL team?
What is the happiest town Sarasota county Florida?
My Secret Hotel is a television series starring a South Korean DJ who rose to fame as the lead actress in what?
Which publisher released the prequel to the 2012 novel Boneland in 1960?
Kim English was selected by the Pistons during the draft held at what location?
Approximately what percent male is the student body of the University for which the Ouachita Baptist Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team?
