[[en]onlyA_couldnot_ans]

What institution does 2017 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team and Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park have in common?
What service is an Amtrak flagship that includes BWI Rail Station as one of its Amtrak intercity services?
Which Disneyland attraction is Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster, an expanded version of
The Cinematic Orchestra was signed to the record label based in what city?
Are Darren Benjamin Shepherd and Rémi Lange both American?
Which movie is a documentary about "Beowulf & Grendel", between My Kid Could Paint That and Wrath of Gods?
In what regions of the United States is the Eastern Market, Detroit located?
What team was Horace Grant's twin brother traded to after the 1992–93 Washington Bullets season?
Who is younger, Terry Glaze or Hayley Williams?
Who was born first out of Arnel Pineda and Trace Cyrus?
At which public research university founded in 1881 Ralph Fielding served as the head football coach?
The Little Missouri River rises west of a laccolithic butte that stands how many feet from summit to base?
What vocalist and pianist was recorded by Modular Recordings?
Consider the band formed in 2015 by JYP Entertainment through the reality show "Sixteen". How many tracks are on the reissue of their third album?
Are both Weberocereus and Conospermum part of the same genus?
The southernmost administrative region of Denmark is well-known for creating what products?
 Lou Cutell appeared on the third episode of the ninth season of an CBS sitcom that was what number episode overall?
The Running Man Brothers is a South Korean pop duo. Kim Jong-kook is one member and he is from what country?
Which American politician who served as United States Senator from 1971 to 1989 was Governor of Florida before Buddy MacKay?
Who programmed a cartridge-based development system made by a company noted for authoring Atari's BASIC?
Persona Non Grata includes interviews by the political leader of what nationality?
Who directed the nuclear war drama where Rita May played Jimmy Kemp's mother?
What position does Kyle York hold at the internet performance management company Dyn?
Which of Darren Aronofsky's movies is based on a Russian ballet?
Who is the star of the 2003 comedy that has a single from Candycoatedwaterdrops on its soundtrack?
The Out of Control Tour began in an indoor arena above what?
What player was the first overall pick in the 2004 NFL draft and had the Manning Field named after him?
Hina is derived from a dye prepared in what areas?
What year was the Argentine singer and actor who both directed and starred in El Tio Disparate born?
The William Ulmer Brewery is located in a neighborhood that is policed by who?
Who was born first, Little Feat's Lowell George, or Ian Hunter from Mott the Hoople?
By what name is the King that Gothard Wilhelm Butler was captain of the guard for known in Poland?
What year was the branch of military, who is credited with Operation Tidal Wave, created?
What is the nickname of a professional German footballer as well as the name of a children's book?
12 Years a Slave starred what British actor born 10 July 1977)
Jennifer Ventimilia co-wrote the teleplay of the episode that was part of which season of The Simpsons?
Both The Badgeman and +44 were bands concieved in which country?
The company that created a keychain RFDI device created to allow electronic payment at McDonald's and 400 other Chicago area restaurants is headquartered in what city and state?
Which German project recorded a song that featured vocals by a duo from Silverdale, England?
What company produced both The Little Mermaid and The Strongest Man in the World?
 Mount Stimson is the second highest peak in national park that encompasses how many acres?
A writer for The Kenyon Review won a Pulitzer Prize in what year?
What singer who sang in church during her childhood did Stacy Barthe pen album tracks for?
Where is Anticimex's parent company headquartered?
The school in which the Wilmslow Show is held is designated as what?
Howard Van Doren Shaw was the designer of which 1917 Progressive Era community? 
What country of origin does André Holland and 42 have in common?
What is the nationality of the author of Fifty Shades Freed?
What role did Ben Keaton play in the british film East is East written by Ayub Khan-Din?
Giovanni Carmazzi was a backup quarterback for which NFC West team?
In which football league does the son of Souleyman Sané play?
Which breed of dog is extinct, the Hawaiian Poi Dog or the Dandie Dinmont Terrier?
What company did Rex Maughan aquire?
the first woman to be the chef de mission of an Australian Olympic team won gold medal in which winter Olympics ?
What bitcoin start up featured Erik Voorhees as Director of Marketing?
Who was born first, José Echegaray y Eizaguirre or P. J. O'Rourke?
Which Italian classical composer, conductor, and teacher born in 1750 composed this four-movement serenade in B-flat major for five instruments (2 oboes, 2 horns and 1 bassoon)?
What is the population of the city where the Akademisches Kunstmuseum is?
 Inglis Barracks bombing was the first IRA attack in England since a bombing thats purpose was to kill what leader?
Ruddles Brewery is owned by a pub retailer and brewer based in what city?
This film is an adaption of a Jacques Offenbach's opera that was written by a Hungarian British screenwriter?
Pacific Mozart Ensemble performed which German composer's Der Lindberghflug in 2002?
Who is from farther west, Kings of Convenience or Belle and Sebastian?
Signed with Maybach Music Group in 2011, which artist was featured as a guest in Fire of Zamani?
Double Dragon starred the actor and martial artist who played which character in "Brotherhood of the Wolf"?
Are both Pomeranian and Sporting Lucas Terrier named after a particular person?
In what city is the football club that Robin Himmelmann is a goalkeeper for based?
Which Canadian rock band released a song called "Counterparts" and had a drummer who was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame?
Who played a more important role in the church George Albert Smith or Wong Jing?
When William Gladstone successfully relaunched his political career in Scotland in advance of the 1880 General Election, which party did he lead?
The Gate is a song from the album scheduled for release in what month?
Who was born first, Grigory Margulis or Leonid Levin?
Show Her is a song written by a country music artist who is also a former player of what sport?
What Kentucky county has a population of 60,316 and features the Lake Louisvilla neighborhood?
What is the middle name of the female MSNBC journalist critiqued on the Daily Howler?
Adam Fox was one of the first members of an informal literary discussion group associated with what University?
An American physicist coined the term "soft energy path" in 1976.  Today he is chairman and chief scientist of what?
In what NCAA division is the team Michael Beasley played basketball for in college?
What is the name for plastic water-filled barriers that you might find along the MacArthur Road highway in Pennsylvania?
Which travel parody series featured American actor, comedian, and radio host best known as the host of "The Joe Schmo Show"?
Are Jonathan Demme and Chris Renaud both American filmmakers?
In between Liberty and MIT Technology Review which has a circulation of over 200,000?
What are both Camel Up and Outrage!?
Ricky Martin's concert tour in 1999 featured an American heavy metal band formed in what year?
Is the university that owns WCSU-FM historically black or white?
Where is the American honky tonk country band, whose first studio album was Honky Tonks and Cheap Motels, based?
Haruki Murakami said that writing "Dance Dance Dance" had been a healing act after his unexpected fame following the publication of a novel published in which year ?
"Take Me" is a song recorded by which American singer, actor, and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century?
Which band opened for more major international acts, Blessid Union of Souls or Blue Peter?
What son of Larry Johnson was born on November 19, 1979?
Who conducted the negotiations  with the owners and the longest serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp?
What airline holding company located in Solna Municipality, Sweden owns a technical aircraft maintenance company located in Arlanda, Sweden?
In what country did Irvine Gerald Sellar develop the second-tallest free-standing structure?
Lollipop Chainsaw featured Juliet Starling, who was voiced by a Canadian-American actress who has done voice roles for what Teen Titans spinoff series?
Stories USA starred which actor and comedian from "The Office"?
what year was the writer of the blog Preposterous Universe born?
Who directed more films, Leslie Goodwins or Kenneth Webb?
Shinola LLC, an American luxury lifestyle band is owned and operated by Bedrock Brands a texas investment group launched by this man one of the founders of  Fossil Group
Who runs the website surpassed by both Baidu Baike and Hudong.com?
Between Greyia and Calibanus, which genus contains more species?
Mesih Pasha's uncle became emperor in what year?
Who lived to an older age, Elia Kazan or Moustapha Akkad?
In which city are Anadoluhisarı and Church of St. Mary of Blachernae both located?
Maria Curcio taught a classical pianist who is of what South American lineage?
When was the female co-founder of the organization that published the "Daily Word" devotional born?
Which performance act has a higher instrument to person ratio, Badly Drawn Boy or Wolf Alice? 
Who is the psychologist who wrote about the disciple of the person known as the "Wild Woman of Buttle"?
Who is an Australian philosopher that inspired Living High and Letting Die?
What is the name of the former MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center where the Mayweather-Ortiz fight took place?
Who was the murderer sent to "Old Smokey" for allegedly commiting "The Crime of the Century"?
Which Five Finger Death Punch discography albulm was released on September 22, 2009 through Prospect Park?
The Schumann–Runge bands are named for at least one German what?
Which was published first Polarity or The Farming Game?
"Ew!" is a song by a television host born where?
Were both Monkey Kingdom and Anaganaga O Dheerudu connected with Disney?
Which mall, Wilton Mall or Viaport Rotterdam, has had more owners?
Pajottenland has historically provided beers that include are fermented through yeasts native to what valley?
The Grieg crater is named for a Norwegian composer who composed during what era?
What industry did both William Todd Field and Zoltan Korda work in?
Which writer is older, Joseph Epstein or Milan Kundera?
which American soldier and serial killer was Death of a Soldier based on 
On which television network did Joe Penny play an investigator named Jake Styles?
David Lightfoot worked on what film loosely based on the murders of tourists by Ivan Milat in the 1990's?
Palm Springs lies in Palm Beach County, the third most populated county in its state. Which major U.S. city is it near?
Which member of Northern Kings was born on 14 January 1966?
Who directed the 1940 film in which John Arledge appeared?
Which actor that has performed as Inspector Javert in a Les Misérables production Has won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a musical three times?
In which city did he painter and printmaker associated with "Les Nabis" found Salon d'Automne?
Between Death in the Afternoon and Hennchata, whose inventor has more literary fame?
Mr. & Mrs. Mxyzptlk is an episode of the superhero TV series that originally aired on what network?
What major city is John Bice Memorial Oval located within?
Which band was active the longest, Spirit of the West or Big Pig?
Don Holmes played for the football club that is based in what eastern suburb of Perth?
What was the nationality of Bernhard Heiden's teacher?
Baraki Barak District is situated in the western part of a province whose capital is what?
What game was a Philadelphia native, who played college basketball at the University of North Carolina, selected for?
The Juan Trippe Professor at Yale School of Management is named after a pioneer in which field?
Hobart Paving is a single by a band formed in which year ?
John Valliant’s work has appeared in which outdoor-focused magazine whose first issue was published in September 1977?
Which of the following stars Jeff Bridges as a computer programmer: Tron or The Million Dollar Duck?
My Sentimental Friend was performed by which English beat rock band?
The Polar Bears featuring the voice of Armie Hammer, is also the same voice actor for which character in Cars 3?
Which composer, who was a crucial figure in the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras in Western art music, wrote Piano Sonata No. 16 ?
Which host of Sunday Night Safran has the hebrew first name Yehoshua?
Which magazine launched first, Real Simple or Life?
A man known as one of the most brutal pro-Confederate guerrilla leaders in the American Civil War had a following that included a bank and train robber from western Missouri raised in what area?
Glad to Be Unhappy is a song composed by what American?
Were Max Jacob and Connie May Fowler both memoirists?
Which contributor to the CBS News program "60 Minutes" also contributed to The Great American Dream Machine?
This annual event held in several major cities in Finland is one of many all-night arts festival whose name is given to areas of high latitude in the weeks around what?
What star of Parks and Recreation appeared in November?
Easter Airways' head office is located at which airport owned by Manchester Airports Group?
Orange is the New Black, starring Annie Golden as Norma Romano, takes place in which minimum-security federal prison?
Spider9 was founded in 2011 by the head of which subsidiary of Wanxiang Group?
Choi Jun-hong  is best known as a member of a group formed in which year ?
What region of Italy was Giorgio Pini born in?
Lesley Foxcroft worked with MDF, Card, and which material that is produced by pressing together moist fibres?
Private Music signed the drummer who was part of which English group?
Rainforest Ecological Train runs through a national park with an area of how many Kilometers ?
What film adaptation do both Jerome Bernard and Ira Lewis have in common?
Who had more pen names, George Orwell or Nelson DeMille?
Name a musician that worked with Hiren Roy and Vilayat Khan.
What is the home stadium where Dai Xianrong predominantly played?
1956 Night Series Cup games were played at what inner suburb of Melbourne that is 3km south of Melbourne's central business district?
Who was born first of Leslie S. Hiscott and James Rolfe
The Column of Saint Zanobi  is a monumental marble column located just north of religious building with the status of what?
What is common between Matt Vasgersian and Michael Casey?
Which documentary is the oldest, The Private Life of Plants or Marx Reloaded?
Which city is at coastal county-level, Wenling or Ruili?
John Stark Regional High School serves the community in which New Hampshire county?
The Cromwell station is located in which Maryland county?
Which Russian figure skating coach was a former competitive ice dancer who competed with Olga Pershankova in 1993?
who is the younger brother of The episode guest stars of The Hard Easy 
What dance academy did the starring actress from The Glory of Tang Dynasty graduate from?
Katherine Ann Dettwyler wasn't rehired after she commented on the death of the student who was arrested in North Korea in what month and year?
When did the rock band that sang "All Join Hands" rise to prominence? 
Prince Michael of Prussia was a member of the house that arose in what town in the 11th century?
What 4-D film attraction at Walt Disney World is based off a 2004 computer-animated Christmas movie? 
Which Italian composer was known for his long-flowing melodic lines and was included in the repertoire of Maria Callas?
Father Jean-Pierre Aulneau de le Touche was killed before he could go on an expedition to Mandan, which is located in which state? 
Which player signed to Bayern Munich before the 2012-2013 season was known mostly as a central defender?
What was the formative year for the company eventually replaced by Suez Canal Authority?
Meaning "reddish water" in Hawaiian, which location was Butch Van Artsdalen known for surfing 25-foot waves at?
What athletic team has its football and basketball games broadcast on KFST and has a mascot who is named Bevo?
Codex Escalada shows an apparition to the saint that is a native of which country?
When "Good Night" was aired on "The Simpsons 138th Epsiode Spectacular," which actress did the voice of the character named after Matt Groening's mother?
Who was born in August and was a professor?
Santa Bring My Baby Back was released on which fourth Elvis studio album in 1957?
Which WWE wrestler who performs on the Smackdown brand has his initials as part of the team "Rated-RKO
In what year was Shin Hyun-joon in the successful South Korean comey sequel?
Which county was included in the Diocese of Reno and was also the county seat of Ormsby County prior to 1969?
What movie was directed by Harold Ramis and stars Bill  Murray?
Where does Tiko's Spanish football club hold home games at?
What is the nationality of the composer of the Opera "Iphigénie en Aulide" ?
What was the 2010 population of the town where Black Crescent Mountain was located? 
The Jodrell Bank Observatory was established in 1945 by what English physicist and radio astronomer?
Telescope Hill is near the hamlet that is in what Suffolk County, New York town?
Lt Col. Stewart Francis Newcombe was a British army officer and associate of a military officerthat was given what title?
Which is a black-and-white film, Flying Padre or Inside Job?
Between Valparaiso University and Old Dominion University, which institution has higher student enrollment?
Which of the following rock bands is from Chicago: Kill Hannah or Louis XIV?
Naval Air Station Ellyson Field was an auxiliary facility to the air station in which community?
When is the national league which the Manchester United is participating in, set to end in 2018?
 "Prostitute" is a song written by Axl Rose and Paul Tobias with additional work by an American guitarist has played in two different bands on a list of what? 
which has more acts Pagliacci or Suor Angelica?
Clipper Cargo was a subsidiary cargo airline of  the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States that was founded in what year?
Which building is used for more different uses, MiMA or 270 Park Avenue?
Which band has been around longer Catfish and the Bottlemen or The Lumineers?
This French comedy directed by Philippe de Chauveron starred actress Julia Piaton. 
Of what ethnicity is the founder of the Orchestra which debuted on January 1, 1988?
Which Austrian writer and journalist introduced the term "Journaille "
What Hindi thriller directed by Deepak SHivdasani features choreography by Phulwa Khamkar?
are Pete Mangurian and Kirk Kerkorian both Americans ?
What was the nickname of the 76er who was drafted 3rd in the 2014 draft? 
The university where Rolf Martin Theodor Dahlgren worked as a professor has how many employees?
The primary jockey of Binocular was Champion Jockey how many consecutive times?
Which debut album contained a 1999 mega-hit song created by Maurizio Lobina and Jeffrey Jey?
Between Amazing Stories and Aquarium Fish International, which magazine is devoted more to hobbies related to physical activities?
Which American actors and comedian played a New York City tailor in The Angel Levine?
In between  Polytechnic University of the Philippines and California Polytechnic State University which was founded as a vocational high school?
Crestfallen's artwork is done by a photographer of which nationality?
Peter Bales and Raphael Holinshed both worked on what project?
Vices and Virtues, coincidentally released just four days after "Vices & Virtues" by Las Vegas band Panic! at the Disco, was the second studio album by which Canadian rock band?
Which nationality is the international footballer, born 20 March 1984, who made his breakthrough La Liga debut in the 2002–03 Atlético Madrid season, scoring 13 league goals as a teenager?
What past honoree from the New Dramatists Organization is a powerful baritone who won the Tony Award for Best Actor in 2000?
"Kapitän zur See" Ernst Lindemann was the commander of which one of two battleships built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine"?
Which person is known for playing in punk bands, Keith Morris or Rome Ramirez?
1920 Politics was a Republican political strategy to reassert the authority of the white race in which US state?
What is the age range of the league for which the Bobby Smith Trophy is awarded?
What was the codename for the atomic bomb that is dropped by someone other than the weaponeer Frederick Ashworth?
Where did this dish emerge in the late 1950s that is a long-standing tradition in New Jersey? 
Which tennis player was born first, Kimberly Po or Leoš Friedl?
What song featured on the Beatles' album "Please Please Me" was covered by Tiffany? 
Which film was released first, Home on the Range or Pete's Dragon?
Are the magazines American Heritage and Bon Appétit both published in America?
Li Yitong played Huang Rong is a tv series directed by who?
Lee Sung-jae stars in the film Barking Dogs Never Bite which is what film genre?
Who has written more #1 songs, Chris DeStefano or Brett Eldredge?
What  unincorporated town along the Amargosa River is near the Sarcobatus Flat?
jean Sagbo, considered "Russia's Obama" is considered to belong to what ethnic group based on his having African heritage or dark skin?
U.S. Representative Mike Conaway is investigating interference in what US elections with the help of American attorney, politician and former prosecutor Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney?
What army did the namesake of the ship launched as the München in 1930 fight in during the American Revolutionary War?
Who died first, Bryce Courtenay or Juan Carlos Onetti?
What resort in Biloxi, Mississippi does the Chief Operating Officer of the largest single hotel in the United States oversee?
What type of radio stations played songs by the group who released the album Holiday Harmony?
Whose given first name is longer, Theo Angelopoulos and Budd Boetticher (nicknames)?
What was the real name of the author of the book "Coraline" has been compared to?
Which breed of Dog was developed in Germany, The Large Münsterländer or Bracco Italiano?
Which American singer-songwriter toured with J.P. Doherty in 2007 on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors tour?
Which board game is newer, Splendor or Power Grid?
The Cineplex Odeon Theatres are now operated as which American movie theater chain majority-owned by Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group?
Where are Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park located?
Were both Eugene Dynkin and Vladimir Voevodsky mathematicians from Russia?
Who is affiliated with more countries as a director, Robert Florey and R. G. Springsteen?
Which rapper who worked with a star of the film 8 Mile also worked with the artist who played keyboards and wrote songs for Anita Baker??
Which game showed has reruns on Teletoon in Canada and was shown between midnight and 6:00 on Cartoon Network Too?
Pyne & Marles is co-hosted by Richard Marles and an Australian politician who has been the Liberal member for the House of Representatives seat of Sturt since what year's election?
Charles Hurt is currently the opinion editor of "The Washington Times", Fox News contributor, Breitbart News contributor, and editor of which politically conservative American news aggregation website?
What Theo Avgerinos movie did the actor known for the role as Matt McNamara appear in?
What is the size of the archaeological site which is in the hamlet of the Guilderland in Albany County, New York?
Which basketball club located in Alytus, Lithuania does Anatoly Kashirov play for?
Get Off is an album by a group using which style originating in NYC in the early 1970s?
Which airplane was this Major test-flying after whom the base, that 514th Flight Test Squadron is stated at, is named?
How many films did the star of Tum Milo Toh Sahi appear in? 
Did Yasuzo Masumura and Pitof hail from the same country and professional career?
Paul Ziert recruited what two time gold medalist in gymnastics?
Helen Margaret Lederer appeared on a BBC television sitcom created by Jennifer Saunders, that is based on what 1990 sketch?
Who was born first, Marino Girolami or Daniel Myrick?
Abraham Lokin was born on an archipelago between the Norwegian Sea and North Atlantic, that is about 200 miles north-northwest of where?
Oprah Winfrey narrated a documentary about this athlete who rode 400 miles across his country to bring attention to the plight of the disabled in the country?
What Brooklyn-based rapper has worked with both Rafeal Casal and Mos Def?
Who voices Chef Mung Daal in the American animated television series created by C. H. Greenblatt?
Pashto is the main language among a diaspora that has it's largest community in which country ?
What community in Imperial County, California is partly named after a species of tree that is native to North America, Europe, and western Asia?
Ed Oxenbould plays Tyler in a film directed by which famous director?
Which auto club has sanctioned races run in California as well as Indianapolis?
Since 2 June 2017, The Leader of Fine Gael had been held by which Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach and Minister for Defence?
What is the call sign of the airline that operates the flight with United Express Flight 3411 incident?
What is the name of the Minahasa journalist and novelist who was active in the colonies incorporated into the Dutch government in 1800?
During what months of the 2003 invasion of the Iraq were the media outlets accused of having a pro war basis?
Is Northeast Florida Regional Airport farther from St. Augustine than Glacier Park International Airport is to Kalispell?
Kieran Crichlow is a footballer from what island in the Lesser Antilles?
Mutton Lane Cemetery is located in a town 13 mi north of where?
August R. Lindt served as chairman of a UN program from 1956 to 1960 that won how many noble prizes ?
The publication of which magazine ended first, Right On! or Castle of Frankenstein?
Which dog's ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters: the Manchester Terrier or the Scotch Collie?
American Blues included the drummer from which American rock band?
When will the exhibition basketball game which will hold at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California be played 
In which state was both Rex Gene Foods and Foodtown located in?
Who co-founded View Askew Productions and produced numerous movies starring Jason Lee?
The person that William Flannery was an architect for entered the publishing business in what year?
The Worst Journey in the World is a memoir written by which English explorer of Antarctica?
How many players are in the club in which Stephen Curry became part of in the 2015-2016 NBA season?
Fallen In Love was based on the paranormal romance series published under what press company?
The northern English anglian Kingdom in the Humber estuary spoke what dialect of english?
Tedrow, Ohio lies close to which 241. 26 mi highway? 
Chiang Chungcheng was involved involved in what battle in 1942?
What is the most populous city in the county where Caleb Stegall served as District attorney?
In what year was the American singer, who with Kiely Williams, Sabrina Bryan, and Raven-Symoné made up The Cheetah Girls, born?
