[RRRRRR_to_LLLLLL_得意になった質問(SP)]

[1]


context: 


"Andy Taylor (The Andy Griffith Show)"
Sheriff Andrew "Andy" Jackson Taylor and in earlier episodes as Cousin Andy by Barney Fife is the major character on "The Andy Griffith Show", an American sitcom which aired on CBS, (1960–1968).
He also appears in the "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." episode "Opie Joins the Marines", made a cameo appearance in the USMC episode "Gomer Goes Home," five episodes of "Mayberry R.F.D." (1968–1971) and the reunion telemovie "Return to Mayberry" (1986).
The character made his initial appearance in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith."
In the CBS special "The Andy Griffith - Don Knotts - Jim Nabors Show" (1965), Andy and Barney are featured in a musical sketch about their friendship and recreate some classic moments between the characters.
Andy Griffith, as Sheriff Taylor, also has a brief comedy cameo in "Rowan and Martin at the Movies" (1969), a PSA short subject promoting the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds.
Andy Taylor appeared in all 249 episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show" and was played by comedian and actor Andy Griffith.

"Tyshane"
Tyshane Thompson, currently known as Beam and formerly Tyshane and Elite, is an American hip hop producer.
In addition to his solo work, he formed the production duo 808&Elite with Matt Massaro.
He is the son of dancehall and gospel reggae pioneer Papa San.
According to Thompson's father, he started producing at age ten.
He first received notice when he produced for Andy Mineo on the tracks "Young", featuring KB, and "Michael Jackson", featuring Thi'sl, Rich Perez, R-Swift, and Bubba Watson, from the album "Formerly Known" in 2011.
In 2012 he produced the highly popular, Jamaican-tinged song "Black Rose" by Lecrae on the mixtape "Church Clothes".
He also appeared in the final episode of the web-series "Saturday Morning Car-Tunez", created by Andy Mineo, where he helped remix the Puff Daddy song "It's All About the Benjamins".
On July 6, 2012, Thompson and Matt Massaro, under the name 808&Elite, released the single "Me Monster", featuring Andy Mineo, from their upcoming beat-tape, "Diamonds x Pearls".
The tape was made available two days later for free download exclusively through the Christian hip-hop website Rapzilla.
Thompson's talent was praised by critics when he and ThaInnaCircle produced the bass-heavy, East Coast style, reggae and dancehall-influenced song "Violence" by Lecrae from the Grammy-winning album "Gravity", released on September 4, 2012.
In October, 2012, Thompson competed at the second Annual Rapzilla.com Beat Battle at the 2012 Flavor Fest.
Thompson, his father Papa San and brother Tyrone Andrew, are working on a collaborative project.
808 & Elite now produces under Street Symphony's Track or Die label.
In addition to his work with his father and brother, Lecrae, and Andy Mineo, Tyshane has produced, both independently and as part of 808 & Elite, for artists such as 2 Chainz, Yo Gotti, Tedashii, Tracy T, SPZRKT, GABRL, and KIDD.

"Rock 'n' Roll Show 2008"
Rock'N'Roll Show 2008 is the first live DVD by Japanese rock act Superfly.
The two-disk box set features a recording of the NHK Hall stop on her "Rock'N'Roll Show 2008" concert tour, a recording of a free concert held at Yoyogi Park, as well as Shiho Ochi's trip to San Francisco to become closer to her idol Janis Joplin by meeting with Sam Andrew and other members of Big Brother and the Holding Company.
The DVD peaked at 16 on the Oricon's DVD charts, and remained on the charts for 19 weeks.

"Andy O'Brien (EastEnders)"
Andrew "Andy" O'Brien is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Ross Davidson.
One of the original characters created for the series, Andy made his first appearance one month after the show first broadcast, in the 10th episode on 21 March 1985.
Portrayed as altruistic and middle-classed, Andy and his girlfriend Debbie were an attempt to represent gentrification of the East End.
Despite Davidson claiming that there had been plans for his character, Andy became the first regular character in "EastEnders" to be killed-off.
Davidson claimed this was due to an altercation between himself and Executive Producer and show creator, Julia Smith.
His death scene aired in August 1986.

"Andy Barrett"
Andrew "Andy" Barrett is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Tai Hara.
The character made his first screen appearance on 28 August 2013.
Hara relocated to Sydney to take on the role.
Kyle Pryor who plays fellow character Nate Cooper originally auditioned for the role.
Andy and his half-brother Josh (Jackson Gallagher) were introduced to viewers through a series of online webisodes titled "Home and Away Extras", prior to appearing in the main series.
Andy is characterised as a troubled man because of his upbringing and disappearance of his father.
Hara has described his character as "extremely unpredictable" and very protective of his brother.
Andy has spent time in prison and causes trouble from his first episode.
Andy's initial storyline was a feud with the Braxton family which had been ongoing before he was born.
Through this story, writers involved Andy in crimes ranging from fights and car chases to explosions and shootings.
Hara announced he would be departing from the show on 22 February 2016, after over three years in the role and Andy made his final appearance on 5 July 2016.

"Charles Correll"
Charles James Correll (February 2, 1890 – September 26, 1972) was an American radio comedian, best known for his work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Freeman F. Gosden.
Correll voiced the central character of Andy Brown, along with various supporting characters.
Correll was born in Peoria, Illinois.
Before teaming up with Gosden, he worked as a stenographer and a bricklayer.
The two men met in Durham, North Carolina while working for the Joe Bren Producing Company.
Both Correll and Freeman vacationed at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin in the 1930s and would broadcast "Amos 'n' Andy" from there.
From 1928 to 1934, the team never took a vacation away from their radio show.
To celebrate the 30th anniversary of "Amos 'n' Andy" on the air, the broadcast of March 19, 1958 was done by Correll and Gosden using their real voices and calling each other by their real names; this had never been done on the show before.

"Andy Spade"
Andrew "Andy" Spade is an American entrepreneur who is the co-founder of Partners & Spade, along with Anthony Sperduti.
He is the brother of actor/comedian David Spade.

"Bill Hay (radio announcer)"
Bill Hay was an American radio announcer who was famous for his many years of work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Charles J. Correll and Freeman F. Gosden.
Gosden and Correll had a show similar to "Amos 'n' Andy" called "Sam 'n' Henry" at radio station WGN in Chicago, but after a dispute in 1927, they took the program's concept and WGN announcer Bill Hay across town to WMAQ.
The "Amos 'n' Andy" team created the first syndicated radio show in history.
The sponsor of "Amos 'n' Andy", Pepsodent, contractually stipulated that no one but Bill Hay was ever to announce their show.

"A.M.A.N. (TV series)"
A.M.A.N., is a Greek television parody show and the natural continuation of another TV show called "Comfusio" that was aired by ERT3 in the early 1990s.
A.M.A.N began after the death of their friend and broadcaster Antonis Pararas and the capital letters translates the word "Αντώνη Μας Άφησες Νωρίς" which means "Antoni you left us early".
A.M.A.N. began in May 1997 at Mega Channel, but only 9 episodes were aired.
Since October 1997 and up until 2000, the show was broadcast by ANT1 television.
The hosts were Antonis Kanakis (Αντώνης Κανάκης) and Sotiris Kalivatsis (Σωτήρης Καλυβάτσης), with a variety of supporting players, most notable Giannis Servettas (Γιάννης Σερβέτας).
Spin-offs of the show were the series "A.M.A.N. Ta Katharmata" (originally an unrelated show to A.M.A.N., but later mutated into a spin-off/continuation of "A.M.A.N."), "Oi Treis Files", "Haivania 3-0" and "Giannis o omorfos".

"David Spade"
David Wayne Spade (born July 22, 1964) is an American actor, stand-up comedian, writer and television personality.
He rose to fame in the 1990s as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live", then began a successful acting career in both film and television.
He also starred and co-starred in the films "Tommy Boy", "Black Sheep", "Joe Dirt", "", "Grown Ups", and "Grown Ups 2", among others.

question:
Which show was Andrew "Andy" Spade's brother in n the 1990s?


answer(1):
Saturday Night Live
supporting facts:
Andy Spade 0
Andy Spade 1
A.M.A.N. (TV series) 0
David Spade 0
David Spade 1


answer(2):
Saturday Night Live
supporting facts:
Andy Spade 1
David Spade 1




[2]


context: 


"Alle tiders kupp"
Alle tiders kupp is a 1964 Norwegian comedy film directed by Øyvind Vennerød, starring Rolf Just Nilsen, Arne Bang-Hansen, Henki Kolstad and Inger Marie Andersen.
Three men rob an outlet of the government owned alcoholic beverage retailer Vinmonopolet.
They then run into problems getting rid of the 50,000 bottles of liquor they have stolen.

"Vinmonopolet"
Vinmonopolet (English: The Wine Monopoly ), symbolized by Ⓥ and colloquially shortened to polet, is a government-owned alcoholic beverage retailer and the only company allowed to sell beverages containing an alcohol content higher than 4.75% in Norway.

"Coca-Cola FEMSA"
Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V., known as Coca-Cola FEMSA or KOF, is a Mexican multinational beverage company headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.
It is a subsidiary of FEMSA which owns 48% of its stock, with 28% held by wholly owned subsidiaries of The Coca-Cola Company and the remaining 24% listed publicly on the Mexican Stock Exchange (since 1993) and the New York Stock Exchange (since 1998).
The largest franchise Coca-Cola bottler in the world, the company has operations in Latin America and the Philippines, although its largest and most profitable market is in Mexico.

"The Coca-Cola Company"
The Coca-Cola Company, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, but incorporated in Wilmington, Delaware, is an American multinational beverage corporation, and manufacturer, retailer, and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups.
The company is best known for its flagship product Coca-Cola, invented in 1886 by pharmacist John Stith Pemberton in Columbus, Georgia.
The Coca-Cola formula and brand were bought in 1889 by Asa Griggs Candler (December 30, 1851 – March 12, 1929), who incorporated The Coca-Cola Company in 1892.
The company has operated a franchised distribution system since 1889, wherein The Coca-Cola Company only produces syrup concentrate, which is then sold to various bottlers throughout the world who hold exclusive territories.
The Coca-Cola Company owns its anchor bottler in North America, Coca-Cola Refreshments.

"Juan Carlos Salazar"
Juan Carlos Salazar is a well known Venezuelan singer and cuatro player.
Juan Carlos was born in , a small oil town in the State of Monagas.
Born to a singer, guitarist and cuatro player, Juan Carlos learned how to play cuatro and guitar by ear at an early age and took piano lessons in Fort Collins, Colorado.

"Carlos Salazar Lomelín"
Carlos Salazar Lomelín (born April 1951) is a Mexican businessman who serves as chief executive officer of Coca-Cola FEMSA since 1 January 2000.

"Carlos Salazar Herrera"
Carlos Salazar Herrera (1906–1982) was born in San José, Costa Rica, where he attended primary and secondary school.
He wrote his first short story at the age of 9, named "The Three Captains of a Ship".
At the age of 14, he received his first award for an essay entitled "El café".
In 1928 he participated in a contest in which he presented his work about renewing Costa Rican art, and in the same year, he received the second place award for his story "La Piedra de Toxil" in a literary contest organized by Editorial de Costa Rica.
.

"FEMSA"
Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V., doing business as FEMSA, is a Mexican multinational beverage and retail company headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.
It operates the largest independent Coca-Cola bottling group in the world and the largest convenience store chain in Mexico.
It is also the second largest shareholder of Heineken International.

"Carlos Salazar (actor)"
Carlos Salazar (born 1933) is a Filipino actor who began his career with LVN Pictures and made several hit movies.
After making some 15 movies on the said studio, Salazar made one movie under Champion Pictures entitled "" and one movie under Larry Santiago Production for "Student Canteen".

"Cornelio Velásquez"
Cornelio H. Velásquez (born September 28, 1968 in Panama City, Panama) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.
He was introduced to horse racing at age fifteen by trainer Carlos Salazar Guardia in his native Panama and enrolled in the national jockey school.
In his first year of racing he was his country's top apprentice jockey and was the leading rider again in 1994 and 1995.

question:
Carlos Salazar Lomelín is the CEO of which Mexican multinational beverage retailer?


answer(1):
Coca-Cola FEMSA
supporting facts:
Coca-Cola FEMSA 0
Carlos Salazar Lomelín 0
FEMSA 0


answer(2):
Coca-Cola FEMSA
supporting facts:
Carlos Salazar Lomelín 0
FEMSA 0




[3]


context: 


"Gustav Wustmann"
Gustav Wustmann (23 May 1844 – 22 December 1910) was a German philologist and historian, born in Dresden, where he frequented the Kreuzschule, before studying philology at Leipzig in 1862–66.
He then taught at the Nikolai Gymnasium in Leipzig until 1881, when appointed director of the municipal archives and city librarian.
From 1879 he was also associate editor of the "Grenzboten" and in 1897 received the title of professor.
He faced much opposition by his publication "Allerhand Sprachdummheiten, Kleine deutsche Grammatik des Zweifelhaften, des Falschen und des Häßlichen" (1891; fourth edition, 1908).
Besides a collection of poems, entitled "Als der Großvater die Großmutter nahm" (1886; fourth edition, 1905), he edited a new adaptation of Borchardt's "Die sprichwörtlichen Redensarten im deutschen Volksmund nach Sinn und Ursprung erläutert" (fifth edition, 1895).

"Sensations of Tone"
On the Sensations of Tone as a Physiological Basis for the Theory of Music (German Die Lehre von den Tonempfindungen als physiologische Grundlage für die Theorie der Musik) commonly referred to as Sensations of Tone is a foundational work on acoustics and the perception of sound by Hermann von Helmholtz.

"Holzschlag, Austria"
Holzschlag is a village in the Upper Austria (Oberösterreich) region of Austria.
The village is located on Austria's border with the Czech Republic.
Inventor Viktor Schauberger was born in Holzschlag in 1885.

"Bruckneudorf"
Bruckneudorf (Hungarian: "Királyhida" ) is a small town in the district of Neusiedl am See in the federal state of Burgenland in Austria, neighbouring Bruck an der Leitha ("Leitha Bridge").
Its name means "bridge new village", whereas the Hungarian version means "royal bridge", and the "royal" refers to King Francis I.
Historically and geographically, Bruckneudorf represents the extension of the Austrian town of Bruck an der Leitha over the Austrian border into Hungary.
This border, symbolised by the river Leitha, separated the Austrian Empire from the Kingdom of Hungary ("Cisleithania" and "Transleithania").
Its main current national significance derives from the Bruckneudorf military exercise ground of the Austrian federal army.
Currently it is also the site of Bruck an der Leitha railway station, an important railway station near the borders with Hungary and Slovakia, a stop for nearly all the international trains that pass through it.

"Belovezhskaya Pushcha National Park"
Belovezhskaya Pushcha National Park (Russian, official:<ref name="list/33">"Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland" at the UNESCO official webpage.
Retrieved May 27, 2015.
</ref> "Национальный парк «Беловежская пуща»" , Belarusian: "Нацыянальны парк Белавежская пушча" ) is a national park within parts of the Brest Region (Kamyanyets District and Pruzhany District) and Grodno Region (Svislach District) in Belarus adjacent to the border with Poland.
It is a preserved part of the UNESCO WHS "Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland", the last primaeval forest fragment of the Europe's woodlands, that once stretched across the European Plain.
It is home to a large population of European bison the continent's heaviest land animals.
The border between the two countries runs through the forest, the Białowieża National Park is on the Polish side of the border.
Within the forest since May 2015, there is a visa-free regime for hikers and cyclists at the border crossing Pererov-Białowieża.

"Viktor Schauberger"
Viktor Schauberger (30 June 1885 in Holzschlag, Upper Austria – 25 September 1958 in Linz, Austria) was an Austrian forest caretaker, naturalist, pseudoscientistref>Ronald Engert: "Die Forellenturbine als Prinzip der kostenlosen Energiegewinnung.
Freie Energie durch Implosion".
</ref>, philosopher, inventor and biomimicry experimenter.

"Esther Schapira"
Schapira is co-author of "The Act of Alois Brunner", and producer of two award-winning documentaries, "Drei Kugeln und ein totes Kind" ("Three bullets and a dead child") (2002), about the death of Muhammad al-Durrah in Gaza in 2000, and "Der Tag, als Theo van Gogh ermordet wurde" ("The day Theo van Gogh was murdered") (2007), about the killing in 2004 of Dutch filmmaker, Theo van Gogh.
The latter won her and her co-producer, Kamil Taylan, a Prix Europa award.
In 2009, she produced a second documentary about the death of al-Durrah, "Das Kind, Der Tod, und Die Wahrheit" ("The Child, the Death, and the Truth").

"Wladimiro Politano"
Wladimiro Politano was born in February 19, 1940 in Lago (Cosenza), Italy.
Graduated in the "Accademia di Belle Arti di Roma" and here he started his artistic development as a drawer, painter and sculptor.
He lived in Rome until 1966, when he moved to Caracas, Venezuela.
Seven years later he went to New York where he lived for ten years.
During this period of time Politano participated in different public and private exhibitions in the United States, Austria, Japan, Venezuela and Italy.
He produced plenty and a wide variety of art works exhibited in several national and international galleries and museums.
The Künstlerhause Museum of Vienna invited him in 1978, as the only foreign artist, to celebrate the One Hundred Years of the Künstlerhause Museum, together with the outstanding Austrian artists from the School of Fantastic Realism.
There he realized an individual exhibition.
Because of his grand merits, in July 1980, the city of New Rochelle N.Y. awarded him the title “Commendatio ”.
In 1981 Politano and others great masters inaugurated “The Museum of Modern Art Toyama” in Shingogaura, Toyama-Shi, in Japan, where two of his paintings are present in permanent exhibition.
In Florida he received the “Sylvia Daro Dawidowicz International Award” directly by the president herself.
In 1983, he returns to Caracas to work with both private and public projects.
Participate in Caracas to "Escultura Symposium 1985" and his model remained as a symbol of the "VIII Biennale of Architecture" in the "Museo de Bellas Artes" and then will be constructed in large dimension.
This sculpture is called "Puntas de Plata" and is in permanent exhibition at the Caracas’s Metro, Station "El Silencio”.
Politano in this period lived and worked between Venezuela, Italy and Sweden.
In 2003, he was invited as a curator and artist to participate in the "II Biennial of Painting" in Konstgall Väsby, Stockholm, Sweden.
Here master Politano took part in various collective exhibitions and dealings with different cultures.
The colors of nature so different from the tropical enrich the color molded in his paintings.
Creating and animating works, constantly renewing itself without fatigue, such as an apostle of Art.
He was invited to the first International Sculpture Symposium 2007 SIEIM made in 'Margarita Island, Nueva Esparta Venezuela.
For an outstanding art creativity and important artistic production outside his native country, he received the most important awards from the President of Italy, ”The Italy in the World Award”.
This shows the quality of majestic artistry whose creation is based on passion, originality, expertise in drawing and a tireless work.
Today, Politano lives between Caracas, Rome, Lago-Calabria and Stockholm, places where he has his Studios and will soon will open a new one at Miami.

"Heinrich Bellermann"
Johann Gottfried Heinrich Bellermann (10 March 1832 – 10 April 1903) was a German music theorist.
He was the author of "Der Contrapunkt" ("Counterpoint"), 1862, (Berlin, Verlag von Julius Springer—2nd ed., 1877; 3rd ed., 1887; 4th ed., 1901), and "Die Grösse der musikalischen Intervalle als Grundlage der Harmonie" ("The size of musical intervals as the foundation of harmony"), 1873 (Berlin, J. Springer).

"Clemens Meyer"
Clemens Meyer (born 3 October 1977 in Halle an der Saale, then East Germany) is a German writer.
He is the author of "Als wir träumten" ("As We Were Dreaming", 2006), "Die Nacht, die Lichter" ("All the Lights", 2008), and "Gewalten" ("Acts of Violence", 2010).
"All the Lights" was translated into English and published by And Other Stories in 2011.

question:
What was the country which has border with the village where an Austrian forest caretaker, naturalist, pseudoscientistref>Ronald Engert: "Die Forellenturbine als Prinzip der kostenlosen Energiegewinnung born?


answer(1):
Czech Republic
supporting facts:
Holzschlag, Austria 0
Holzschlag, Austria 1
Viktor Schauberger 0


answer(2):
Austria
supporting facts:
Holzschlag, Austria 0
Holzschlag, Austria 1
Holzschlag, Austria 2
Viktor Schauberger 0




[4]


context: 


"José Saramago Foundation"
The José Saramago Foundation is a cultural private institution located in the Casa dos Bicos, in Lisbon (Portugal).
A smaller branch is opened in Azinhaga do Ribatejo, home village of José Saramago, the Portuguese Nobel Prize in Literature 1998.
Founded by the writer in June 2007, its main institutional principles are to defend and spread the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the promotion of culture in Portugal as well as in all the countries, and particular concerns about environmentalism.

"Višegrad"
Višegrad (, ] ) is a town in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina resting at the confluence of the Drina and the Rzav river, in the synonymous municipality in Republika Srpska entity.
The town includes the Ottoman-era Mehmed Paša Sokolović Bridge, a UNESCO world heritage site which was popularized by Ivo Andrić in his novel "The Bridge on the Drina".
A tourist site called "Andrićgrad (Andrić's Town)", dedicated to Andrić, is located near the bridge.

"José Saramago"
José de Sousa Saramago, (] ; 16 November 1922 – 18 June 2010), was a Portuguese writer and recipient of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature.
His works, some of which can be seen as allegories, commonly present subversive perspectives on historic events, emphasizing the human factor.
In 2003 Harold Bloom described Saramago as "the most gifted novelist alive in the world today" and in 2010 said he considers Saramago to be "a permanent part of the Western canon", while James Wood praises "the distinctive tone to his fiction because he narrates his novels as if he were someone both wise and ignorant."

"Poet-diplomat"
Poet-diplomats are poets who have also served their countries as diplomats.
The best known poet-diplomats are perhaps Geoffrey Chaucer and Thomas Wyatt; the category also includes recipients of the Nobel Prize in Literature: Ivo Andrić, Gabriela Mistral, Saint-John Perse, Miguel Ángel Asturias, Pablo Neruda, George Seferis, Czesław Miłosz and Octavio Paz.
Contemporary poet-diplomats include Abhay K, Indran Amirthanayagam, Kofi Awoonor, Philip McDonagh and Yiorgos Chouliaras.

"March on the Drina"
The March to the Drina (, ] ) is a Serbian patriotic march which was composed by Stanislav Binički during World War I.
Binički dedicated it to his favourite commander in the Serbian Army, Pukovnik Milivoje Stojanovic Brka, who had fought during the Battle of Cer, but was killed in a subsequent battle in December.
The song experienced widespread popularity during and after the war and came to be seen by Serbs as a symbol of resistance to the Great Powers.
Following World War II, it was popular in Socialist Yugoslavia where a single release in 1964 achieved Gold Record status.
The march was played at the presentation ceremony for the Nobel Prize in Literature when Yugoslav writer Ivo Andrić was named a Nobel laureate in 1961.

"Blindness (novel)"
Blindness (Portuguese: "Ensaio sobre a cegueira" , meaning "Essay on Blindness") is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago.
It is one of his most famous novels, along with "The Gospel According to Jesus Christ" and "Baltasar and Blimunda".
In 1998, Saramago received the Nobel Prize for Literature, and "Blindness" was one of his works noted by the committee when announcing the award.

"Museum of Ivo Andrić"
The Museum of Ivo Andrić (Serbian: Музеј Иве Андрића / "Muzej Ive Andrića") is a museum in Belgrade, Serbia.
It is dedicated to the Nobel prize winning writer Ivo Andrić.

"Književni jug"
Književni jug ("Literary south" in Serbo-Croatian) was a literary magazine published in 1918 and 1919 in Zagreb.
In the spirit of idea of integral Yugoslavism involved authors sought to prepare the ground for future Yugoslav literature.
From January to July 1918, its editors were Ivo Andrić, Niko Bartulović, Vladimir Ćorović and Branko Mašić.
It was one of the most influential pro-Yugoslav jurnals in that time.
Journal published Serbo-Croatian works in both Serbian Cyrillic alphabet and Gaj's Latin alphabet, as well as untranslated works in Slovenian language.
In July 1918, Anton Novačan and Miloš Crnjanski joined journal, while Ćorović left it.
Prominent authors whose works are published in "Književni jug" include Tin Ujević, Miroslav Krleža, Antun Barac, Vladimir Nazor, Isidora Sekulić, Sima Pandurović, Aleksa Šantić, Borivoje Jevtić, Ivo Vojnović, Dragutin Domjanić, Dinko Šimunović, Gustav Krklec, Ivan Cankar, Fran Albreht, and Ksaver Meško.

"Ivo Andrić"
Ivo Andrić (Serbian Cyrillic: , ] ; born Ivan Andrić; 9 October 1892 – 13 March 1975) was a Yugoslav novelist, poet and short story writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1961.
His writings dealt mainly with life in his native Bosnia under Ottoman rule.

"Andrićgrad"
Andrićgrad (, meaning "Andrić's town") is the name of an ongoing construction project located in Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina by director Emir Kusturica.
The town is dedicated to Yugoslav novelist Ivo Andrić, Nobel prize winner.

question:
José Saramago and Ivo Andrić were recipients of what award in Literature?


answer(1):
Nobel Prize
supporting facts:
José Saramago 0
Poet-diplomat 1
Ivo Andrić 0


answer(2):
Nobel Prize
supporting facts:
José Saramago 0
Ivo Andrić 0




[5]


context: 


"Orishas (band)"
Orishas are a Cuban hip hop group from Havana, Cuba, founded in 1999.
The group was first called ""Amenaza"", ""threat"" or ""menace"" in Spanish, and appealed to the Cuban youth who were hungry for African-American culture consisting of hip hop and rap.
Orishas delved into a realm of music and that they created a black identity to which some among the younger generations could relate.
The group is based in France where they made a deal with a record company, although they visit Cuba frequently.
In 1999 Fidel Castro threw a party for them and had a meeting with all the musicians.
It was the first time the Cuban government showed support for hip hop music.
The group was and still is popular in Europe (especially France, Spain and Portugal) and Latin America.
Yotuel Romero and Ruzzo Medina, who moved from Havana to Paris as part of an international studies program, joined Roldán González and Flaco-Pro to form the band in 1999.
Their work is influenced by the hip hop movement as well as Cuban and other Latin rhythms.
s of 2009 , they had produced a total of four studio albums and a greatest hits album; their latest album is Cosita Buena (released June 17, 2008).
In 2009 they participated in the concert Paz Sin Fronteras II in Plaza de la Revolución, Havana, Cuba.
Orishas reunited to record new material in 2016.

"RedEye to Paris"
"RedEye to Paris" is a song by Flatbush Zombies, released on March 13, 2015.
The song features Skepta.

"McGruff (rapper)"
Herbert Brown, better known by his stage name McGruff (also known as Herb McGruff) is an American Hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York.
Brown started rapping in his early teens.
He embarked on his music career in the hip hop group Bronx Most Wanted, alongside rappers Jay Q and Tee U.B. Brown later became a member of the hip hop collective Children of the Corn.
As a member of Children of the Corn, Brown worked alongside Big L, Cam'ron, Bloodshed and Mase, all of whom would go on to have successful careers in the music industry.
After the group disbanded without releasing any material, Brown made his first appearance on Big L's debut album, "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" (1995), on the tracks "8 Iz Enuff" and "Dangerzone".
Eventually, Brown signed a deal with popular hip hop label, Uptown Records and began recording his debut album, "Destined to Be".
In early 1998, the album's lead single "Before We Start" became a minor hit, charting on several "Billboard" charts.
In the Summer of 1998, "Destined to Be" was released but failed to sell many copies, only peaking at 169 on the "Billboard" 200, and Brown was released from his contract.
Brown would make appearances with Heavy D on his album, "Waterbed Hev" and the "Woo" soundtrack.
In 2009, Brown appeared on Mase's mixtape "I Do the Impossible".
In 2010, he was featured heavily on The Diplomats mixtape, "The D.I.P. Agenda."
In 2014, DJ Kay Slay, enlisted Brown, along with Raekwon, Fat Joe, Ghostface Killah, Sheek Louch, N.O.R.E., Lil' Fame, Prodigy and Rell, for a song titled "90s Flow".

"Flatbush Zombies"
Flatbush Zombies (stylized as Flatbush ZOMBiES) is an American hip hop group from the Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City, formed in 2010.
The group is composed of rappers Meechy Darko, Zombie Juice and Erick Arc Elliott, the latter of whom also serves as their regular record producer.
The trio are part of the East Coast hip hop movement known as "Beast Coast", which also consists of fellow Brooklyn-based rap groups The Underachievers and Pro Era.

"Run–D.M.C. (album)"
Run–D.M.C. is the debut studio album of American hip hop group Run–D.M.C..
Produced in 1984, it was considered groundbreaking for its time, presenting a harder, more aggressive form of hip hop.
The album's sparse beats and aggressive rhymes were in sharp contrast with the light, funky sound that was popular in hip hop at the time.
With the album, the group has been regarded by music writers as pioneering the movement of new school hip hop of the mid-1980s.
The album was reissued as a "Deluxe Edition" in 2005 with four bonus tracks.

"The Low End Theory"
The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest.
Released on September 24, 1991 through Jive Records, the album produced three singles: "Check the Rhime", "Jazz (We've Got)", and "Scenario".
Initially, the album garnered only minor commercial success, peaking at #45 on the "Billboard" 200, though it was later certified platinum on February 1, 1995 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Regarded as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time by critics, "The Low End Theory" was very influential to alternative hip hop and was praised for its conscious lyricism and production, which bridged the gap between jazz and hip hop.

"A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps"
Jim Jones & Skull Gang Present A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps is a Christmas-themed hip hop collaborative studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones and American hip hop group Skull Gang.
The album was released on November 25, 2008, by Koch Records and Splash.
The album features guest appearances from members of Dipset and ByrdGang, respectively.

"Cypress Hill"
Cypress Hill is an American hip hop group from South Gate, California.
Cypress Hill was the first Latino American hip hop recording group to have platinum and multi-platinum albums, selling over 18 million albums worldwide.
They are considered to be among the main progenitors of West Coast rap and hip hop in the early 1990s, being critically acclaimed for their first four albums.
The band has also advocated for medical and recreational use of cannabis in the United States.

"Uptown 3000"
Uptown 3000 was a Korean American hip hop duo on the record label The Machine Group CEO Alvin & Calvin Waters which consisted of Carlos Galvan aka "Cali-Mexci" and Steve Kim aka "Kwon".
The duo was a spinoff of Uptown, a Korean hip hop group which was active in the late 1990s whose sales reached 6 million.
The duo is considered defunct as the original Uptown made its comeback in Korea in 2006, which Kim and Galvan were a part of.
The group has been credited with being the first Korean hip hop group to closely resemble anything similar to American style hip hop.

"Stetsasonic"
Stetsasonic was an American hip hop group formed in 1981 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
It is remembered as one of the first hip hop crews to use a live band, and the group's positive, uplifting lyrics made it forerunners of alternative hip hop and jazz hip hop.

question:
Where is the American hip hop group, that released the song "RedEye to Paris", from?


answer(1):
Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City
supporting facts:
RedEye to Paris 0
Flatbush Zombies 0
Cypress Hill 0


answer(2):
Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City
supporting facts:
RedEye to Paris 0
Flatbush Zombies 0




