[RRRRRR_to_RRLLLL_もともと得意な質問]

[1]


context: 


"Don't Stop the Music (Robyn album)"
Don't Stop the Music is the third studio album by Swedish pop singer Robyn.
It was released on 30 October 2002 in Sweden by BMG.
The album peaked at #2 in her native Sweden, and the two singles "Keep This Fire Burning" and "Don't Stop the Music" were both top 10 hits.
In 2003, "Don't Stop The Music" was certified platinum by IFPI, and has sold over 60,000 copies in Sweden.

"You Keep Me Hangin' On"
"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a 1966 song written and composed by Holland–Dozier–Holland.
It first became a popular "Billboard" Hot 100 number one hit for the American Motown group The Supremes in late 1966.
The rock band Vanilla Fudge covered the song a year later and had a top ten hit with their version.
British pop singer Kim Wilde covered "You Keep Me Hangin' On" in 1986, bumping it back to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1987.
The single reached number one by two different musical acts in America.
In the first 32 years of the "Billboard" Hot 100 rock era, “You Keep Me Hangin' On” became one of only six songs to achieve this feat.
In 1996, country music singer Reba McEntire's version reached number 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart.

"Madonna videography"
American entertainer Madonna has released 68 music videos, 11 concert tour videos, 2 documentary videos, 4 music video compilations, 2 music video box sets, 4 promotional videos, and 5 video singles.
In 1982, Madonna signed a recording contract with Sire Records and released her first two singles before launching her eponymous debut album.
Her first video to receive attention on MTV was "Borderline", followed by "Lucky Star" and "Like a Virgin", which popularized Madonna's image and fashion among younger generation.
Her early videos were released commercially on "Madonna" (1984), which became the best-selling videocassette of 1985.
With the title track from her third studio album "True Blue" (1986), Madonna's impact on MTV and popular music was established when a contest entitled "Making My Video", was held to create a music video for the song. "
La Isla Bonita" and "Who's That Girl", both released in 1987, showed Madonna's fascination with Hispanic culture and religious symbolism.
In 1989, the video of "Like a Prayer" portrayed her dancing in front of burning crosses, receiving stigmata, kissing a black saint and having sex with him in a church altar.
It faced strong reaction from religious groups and media. "
Express Yourself" released the same year was critically appreciated for its positive feminist themes.

"Ghost (production team)"
Ghost is a Swedish record producing and songwriting team, composed of Ulf Lindström and Johan Ekhé, based in New York City.
They are perhaps best known for writing and producing Swedish singer Robyn's three first studio albums, "Robyn Is Here" (1996), "My Truth" (1999), and "Don't Stop the Music" (2002).
Robyn's "Keep This Fire Burning" from 2003 was the fourth most played song by Swedish songwriters on Swedish radio from 2000–2009.
It was later covered by British soul singer Beverley Knight.

"Keep This Fire Burning"
"Keep This Fire Burning" is a song by Swedish pop singer Robyn, released as the first single from her third album "Don't Stop the Music".
It was released in Sweden on September 21, 2002, where it became her highest charting single since 1995's "Do You Really Want Me (Show Respect)".
The song was also released as a single in Australia under the name "By Your Side", due to the Australian bush fires which were happening at the time.
In 2008, a re-recorded version of the song appeared on the special edition of Robyn's eponymous album.

"I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning"
"I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning" is a popular song written in 1942 by Harry Tobias, Nick Kenny, and Harold Levey, popularized by Patti Page in 1949.
Louis Armstrong also covered the song in 1949.

"William Gibson"
William Ford Gibson (born March 17, 1948) is an American-Canadian speculative fiction writer and essayist widely credited with pioneering the science fiction subgenre known as cyberpunk.
Beginning his writing career in the late 1970s, his early works were noir, near-future stories that explored the effects of technology, cybernetics, and computer networks on humans—a "combination of lowlife and high tech"—and helped to create an iconography for the information age before the ubiquity of the Internet in the 1990s.
Gibson notably coined the term "cyberspace" in his short story "Burning Chrome" (1982) and later popularized the concept in his acclaimed debut novel "Neuromancer" (1984).
These early works have been credited with "renovating" science fiction literature after it had fallen largely into insignificance in the 1970s.

"Phil Driscoll"
Phil Driscoll (born November 9, 1947) is a trumpeter, singer, composer, and producer.
He performs in varying music genres and styles which include rock and roll, rhythm and blues, and patriotic music, and is best known for his work in Christian music and his longterm Christian ministry.
In 1985, Driscoll won the Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance – Duo/Group for a duet with Debby Boone on "Keep the Flame Burning", and he has been nominated for three additional Grammys, two for Best Gospel Performance – Male and one for Best Gospel/Pop Album.
He has also won three Dove Awards for his music, and the 1999 Christian Country Music Association Award for Best Musician.
In 2006, Driscoll was found guilty on 2 counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy, and was sentenced to serve one year in Federal prison, beginning on March 14, 2007.

"Patti Page"
Clara Ann Fowler (November 8, 1927 – January 1, 2013), known by her professional name Patti Page, was an American singer of traditional pop music and country music.
She was the top-charting female vocalist and best-selling female artist of the 1950s, selling over 100 million records during a six-decade long career.
She was often introduced as "the Singin' Rage, Miss Patti Page".
New York WNEW disc-jockey William B. Williams introduced her as "A Page in my life called Patti".

"Burning of the Clavie"
Burning the clavie is an ancient Scottish custom still observed at Burghead, a fishing village on the Moray Firth.
The "clavie" is a collection of casks split in two, lit as a bonfire in the evening of 11 January, i.e. New Year's Eve (in Scotland, Hogmanay) by the Julian Calendar.
One of these casks is joined together again by a huge nail (Latin "clavis"; hence the term, it may also be from Scottish Gaelic "cliabh", a basket used for holding combustibles).
It is then filled with tar, lighted and carried flaming round the village and finally up to a headland upon which stands the ruins of an altar, locally called the "Doorie".
It here forms the nucleus of the bonfire, which is built up of split casks.
When the burning tar-barrel falls in pieces, the people scramble to get a lighted piece with which to kindle the New Year's fire on their cottage hearth.
The charcoal of the "clavie" is collected and put in pieces up the cottage chimneys, to keep spirits and witches from coming down.

question:
In what year was the singer who popularized "I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning" born?


answer(1):
1927
supporting facts:
I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning 0
Patti Page 0


answer(2):
1927
supporting facts:
I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning 0
Patti Page 0




[2]


context: 


"Garfield Gets Real"
Garfield Gets Real (also known as Garfield 3D in some regions) is a 2007 American CGI movie starring Garfield.
It was produced by Paws, Inc. in cooperation with Davis Entertainment, and The Animation Picture Company and distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.
It was written by Garfield's creator Jim Davis, who started working on the script in the fall of 1996.
This was the first fully animated Garfield film since the last "Garfield and Friends" TV episode aired in 1995, and the first to be written by Davis since the 1991 television special "Garfield Gets a Life".
The movie was released in theaters August 9, 2007, and the DVD was shipped to stores on November 20, 2007.
Gregg Berger, an actor from the original series, reprises his role of Odie, but Garfield is now voiced by veteran voice actor Frank Welker, since the original actor Lorenzo Music died in 2001 and Jon is voiced by Wally Wingert, as Thom Huge retired that same year.
The film's success led to two sequels: "Garfield's Fun Fest" (2008) and "Garfield's Pet Force" (2009).

"Shashaa Tirupati"
Shashaa Tirupati is a playback singer, songwriter and voice over artist of Indo-Canadian origin, with family roots in Kashmir, predominantly active in the Bollywood and South Indian music industries.
She is the voice behind Bollywood hits such as: "The Humma Song" (OK Jaanu), "Phir Bhi Tumko Chahunga" (with Arijit Singh) (Half Girlfriend), "Baarish" (Half Girlfriend), "Kanha" (Shubh Mangal Saavdhan), "O Sona Tere Liye" (with A.R. Rahman) and "Chal Kahin Door", both from the Sridevi starrer MOM.

"Eleventh Mom"
Eleventh Mom (; also known as My 11th Mother) is a 2007 South Korean film starring Kim Hye-soo, Kim Young-chan and Ryu Seung-ryong.
It was released on November 29, 2007 and attracted 350,204 admissions.

"Mom (film)"
Mom is a 2017 Indian thriller film directed by Ravi Udyawar.
Produced by Boney Kapoor, Sunil Manchanda, Mukesh Talreja, Naresh Agarwal and Gautam Jain, the film stars Sridevi, as a vigilante, who sets out to avenge her daughter, played by Sajal Ali.
Adnan Siddiqui.
Akshaye Khanna and Nawazuddin Siddiqui play supporting roles in the film.
Music for the film has been produced by A. R. Rahman.
The film was released on 7 July 2017, in four languages, and received positive reviews from film critics.
It was successful commercially as well.
"Mom" marked Sridevi's 300th film appearance.

"Chinatown Nights (1929 film)"
Chinatown Nights, also known as Tong War, is a 1929 film starring Wallace Beery and begun as a silent film then finished as an all-talking sound one via dubbing.
Directed by William A. Wellman and released by Paramount Pictures, "Chinatown Nights" also stars Florence Vidor, former wife of director King Vidor, who did not dub her own voice and quit the movie business immediately afterward, preferring not to work in sound films; her voice in "Chinatown Nights" was supplied by actress Nella Walker.
The supporting cast includes Warner Oland as a Chinese gangster and Jack Oakie as a stuttering reporter.
The movie was based upon the story "Tong War" by Samuel Ornitz.

"Gidget Goes to Rome"
Gidget Goes to Rome is a 1963 Columbia Pictures Eastmancolor feature film starring Cindy Carol as the archetypal high school teen surfer girl originally created by Sandra Dee in the 1959 film "Gidget".
The film is the third of three Gidget films directed by Paul Wendkos and expands upon Gidget's romance with boyfriend Moondoggie.
The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner.
Veterans of previous Gidget films making appearances include James Darren as "Moondoggie", Joby Baker, and Jean "Jeff" Donnell as Gidget's mom, Mrs. Lawrence.
The film has been released to VHS and DVD.

"Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahunga"
"Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahunga" (English: "I will still love you") is a song from the Indian film "Half Girlfriend".
Picturised on Shraddha Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor, the song has been sung by Arijit Singh and Shashaa Tirupati.
The music of the song is composed by Mithoon and the lyrics are penned by Manoj Muntashir.
Reprise version of the track is sung by Arijit Singh titled, "Pal Bhar (Chaahunga Reprise)", and also another version titled, "Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahungi" is sung by Shraddha Kapoor along with the instrumental "Half Girlfriend (Love Theme)".

"Christian Bale filmography"
British actor Christian Bale has starred in various films, as well as advertisements and a video game.
He made his acting debut in 1986, on the television film "".
The following year, he made his film debut starring alongside John Malkovich and Miranda Richardson in the war film "Empire of the Sun".
Bale's role of a young boy, interned in China by the Japanese, received praise from most film critics.
Two years later, Bale had a minor role in "Henry V", a drama film based on William Shakespeare's play "The Life of Henry the Fifth".
It has been considered one of the best Shakespeare film adaptations ever made.
In 1992, Bale starred as Jack Kelly in the Walt Disney musical drama "Newsies", which was a critical and commercial failure; however, it gained a cult following.
He received a role in the 1994 drama "Little Women", which garnered positive reviews.
Bale lent his voice for the Disney animated film "Pocahontas" in 1995, although it received a mixed reception and attained box office success.
He starred as British journalist Arthur Stuart in the Todd Haynes-directed drama "Velvet Goldmine" (1998).
Although critics were divided on the film, Bale's role was "eagerly anticipated".
Bale portrayed Demetrius in the critically praised 1999 film "A Midsummer Night's Dream", an adaptation of Shakespeare's play of the same name, directed by Michael Hoffman.
The same year, he portrayed Jesus of Nazareth in the television movie "Mary, Mother of Jesus".

"Trading Mom"
Trading Mom, also known as The Mommy Market, is a 1994 American fantasy/comedy film written and directed by Tia Brelis, based on her mother Nancy Brelis' homonymous book.
It stars Sissy Spacek and Anna Chlumsky, and features the final acting role of André the Giant, who died a year before it was released.

"Valentina (2008 film)"
Valentina is a 2008 Argentinian traditionally animated romantic-comedy film released in theaters throughout Argentina, Mexico, and Uruguay on July 24, 2008.
It also had a limited release in the United States later that year.
It did very poorly at the foreign and international box-office, resulting a box-office bomb.
It stars Florencia Otero, as the voice of Valentina, and Sebastián Francini, as the voice of Fede.
It is also Illusion Studios' first feature film.

question:
What year was the film "Mom" released, starring the voice of Shashaa Tirupati?


answer(1):
2017
supporting facts:
Eleventh Mom 0
Mom (film) 0
Mom (film) 7


answer(2):
2017
supporting facts:
Shashaa Tirupati 1




[3]


context: 


"Sam Butcher"
Samuel "Sam" John Butcher (born January 1, 1939) is an American artist.
He is mainly known as the artist behind the Precious Moments brand of characters based on American-Christian themes.
He draws in oil, water-color, acrylic, and mixed-media.

"Chandamama Artist Shankar"
Karatholuvu Chandrasekaran Sivasankaran (also known as KC Sivasankaran, Artist Sankar), (born 19 July 1924) is an Indian artist who primarily contributed to the Indian Language magazine, "Chandamama" (also known as "Ambulimama").
Sankar is the artist behind the signature painting of the "Vikram and Vetala" series, featured in "Chandamama".
He is the only surviving member of the original Chandamama design team.
The iconic painting, along with his trade-mark signature that he is now recognized by, was drawn in the 1960s.
It is one of the thousands he has created for Chandamama.
For decades, its illustrators defined the looks of the magazine.
They used line drawings with style influenced by Indian, Oriental, Middle eastern and European artistic traditions.

"Hajime Ueda"
Hajime Ueda (ウエダ ハジメ , UEDA Hajime ) is a Japanese manga artist who created a two-volume adaptation of the Japanese animated OVA series "FLCL", and the original manga "".
He started his career as a dōjinshi artist, gaining a reputation for his quirky and unique style of art.
He also does some costume design and sculpting.
Ueda was also the artist behind the ending theme animation for the Bakemonogatari anime, from the "Monogatari" series of stories.

"Rudy Wendelin"
Rudolph "Rudy" Andreas Michael Wendelin (1910–2000) was a United States Forest Service employee and the best-known artist behind Smokey Bear.
Beginning in 1944, Wendelin became the full-time artist for the Smokey Bear campaign.
He was considered Smokey Bear's "caretaker" until his retirement in 1973.

"John-Erik Franzén"
John-Erik Franzén (born 1942) is a Swedish artist, mainly a painter, born in Stockholm, most known for several large paintings portraying cars and motorcycles, as well as being the artist behind the portrait of the royal family of Sweden added to the public exhibition at the castle in Gripsholm in 1985, and original paintings for several stamps also portraying members of the royal family.

"Kristian von Hornsleth"
Kristian Hornsleth (born 1963) is a Danish conceptual artist, who has exhibited in the Stalke Galleri.
He is the postmodern artist behind the controversial Hornsleth Village Project, wherein 340 Ugandan villagers were paid in livestock to legally change their names to "Hornsleth".
He is currently working on the Deep Storage Project.

"John Collias"
John Collias (June 12, 1918 – March 29, 2017) was a Western American painter, illustrator, and commercial artist.
Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana, he lived and worked in Boise, Idaho, since the early 1940s and contributed work to the "Idaho Statesman", "Boise Weekly", "Life" Magazine, the "Gowen Field Beacon", the Allen Noble Boise State Athletic Hall of Fame, the College of Idaho Athletic Hall of Fame, and to the books "Sawtooth Tales" by Dick D'Easum and "John Collias: Round About the Boise Valley".
Collias' prolific work spans a number of genres including portraiture, landscape art, wartime military posters, ad and billboard art.
He was perhaps best known regionally as the artist behind "A Portrait of A Distinguished Citizen," a weekly portrait feature that ran in the "Idaho Statesman" from 1963 to 1993.

"Future (rapper)"
Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn (born November 20, 1983), known professionally as Future, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer.
Born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia, Wilburn first became involved in music as part of the Dungeon Family collective, where he was nicknamed "the Future".
After amassing a series of mixtapes between 2010 and 2011, Future signed a major record label deal with Epic Records and A1 Recordings, which helped launch Future's own label imprint, Freebandz.
He subsequently released his debut album, "Pluto", in April 2012 to positive reviews.
Future's second album, "Honest", was released in April 2014, surpassing his debut on the album charts.

"Shit (song)"
"Shit" (stylized as "Sh!t", edited for radio as "Shhh...") is a song by American hip hop recording artist Future.
It was released on September 24, 2013, as the third single from his second studio album, "Honest" (2014).
The song has since peaked at number 34 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.

"Brian Basset"
Brian Basset is an American comic strip artist ("Red and Rover").
Previously, he worked as an editorial cartoonist for the Seattle Times from 1978 to 1994, as well as being the creator and artist behind the syndicated comic strip "Adam", later changed to "Adam@home" (1984-2009).

question:
Where was the artist behind "Shit" born and raised?


answer(1):
Atlanta, Georgia
supporting facts:
Future (rapper) 1
Shit (song) 0


answer(2):
Atlanta, Georgia
supporting facts:
Future (rapper) 1
Shit (song) 0




[4]


context: 


"Pontotoc County, Oklahoma"
Pontotoc County is in the south central part of Oklahoma.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,492.
Its county seat is Ada.
The county was created at statehood from part of the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory.
It was named for a historic Chickasaw tribal area in Mississippi.
According to the "Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture", Pontotoc is usually translated "cattail prairie" or "land of hanging grapes."

"WGCL-TV"
WGCL-TV, virtual channel 46 (UHF digital channel 19), is a CBS-affiliated television station license to Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
The station is owned by the Meredith Corporation as part of a duopoly with independent station WPCH-TV (channel 17).
The two stations share a studio located on 14th Street in northwestern Atlanta; WGCL-TV's transmitter is located near North Druid Hills.
WGCL-TV is the third-largest CBS-affiliated station by market size (WUSA in Washington, D.C. being the largest and KHOU in Houston being the second largest) that is not owned and operated by the network.

"KXII"
KXII, virtual channel and VHF digital channel 12, is a CBS-affiliated television station serving the Ada–Sherman media market that is licensed to Sherman, Texas, United States.
The station – which also maintains subchannel-only affiliations with MyNetworkTV and Fox – is owned by Gray Television.
KXII maintains primary studio facilities located on Texoma Parkway (S.H. 91) in northeastern Sherman; secondary studios are located on South Commerce Street (U.S. Route 77) and Elks Boulevard in southwestern Ardmore, Oklahoma.
The station maintains transmitter facilities located along Oklahoma State Highway 99 in rural northeastern Marshall County, Oklahoma (southwest of Madill).
KXII's signal is relayed on low-power translator station KXIP-LD (channel 12) in Paris, Texas.

"Ada, Oklahoma"
Ada is a city in and the county seat of Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States.
The population was 16,810 at the 2010 census, an increase of 7.1 percent from 15,691 at the 2000 census.
The city was named for Ada Reed, the daughter of an early settler, and was incorporated in 1901.
Ada is home to East Central University, and is the headquarters of the Chickasaw Nation.

"Pontotoc County, Mississippi"
Pontotoc County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 29,957.
Its county seat is Pontotoc.
It was created on February 9, 1836 from lands ceded to the United States under the Chickasaw Cession.
Pontotoc is a Chickasaw word meaning "land of hanging grapes".
The original Natchez Trace and the current-day Natchez Trace Parkway both pass through the southeast corner of Pontotoc County.

"Ada Municipal Airport"
Ada Municipal Airport (IATA: ADT, ICAO: KADH, FAA LID: ADH) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) north of the central business district of Ada, a city in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States.
It is owned by the City of Ada, which is located in southeast Oklahoma, 88 mi southeast of Oklahoma City.

"Pontotoc, Oklahoma"
Pontotoc is an unincorporated community in Johnston County, Oklahoma.
A post office was established in Pontotoc in 1858.
The town was named after Pontotoc County, which was one of the divisions of Chickasaw Nation.

"Pontotoc, Mississippi"
Pontotoc is a city in, and the county seat of, Pontotoc County, Mississippi, located to the west of the much larger city of Tupelo.
The population was 5,625 at the 2010 census.

"Pontotoc County School District"
The Pontotoc County School District is a public school district based in Pontotoc County, Mississippi (USA).

"Muddy Boggy Creek"
Muddy Boggy River, also known as the Muddy Boggy Creek, is a 175 mi river in south central Oklahoma.
a major tributary of the Red River in south central Oklahoma, is formed by the confluence of Muddy Boggy Creek and Clear Boggy Creek.
Both streams converge at a location known as River Mile 24 in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma.
It is a major tributary of the Red River.
The river is inhabited by over one hundred species of fish.

question:
What CBS-affiliated station serves Pontotoc County, Oklahoma?


answer(1):
KXII
supporting facts:


answer(2):
KXII
supporting facts:




[5]


context: 


"Tom Vaughan (director)"
Tom Vaughan (born 5 September 1969) is a Scottish television and film director.
His work includes "Cold Feet" (1999) and "He Knew He Was Right" (2004) for television, and "What Happens in Vegas" (2008) and "Extraordinary Measures" (2010) for cinema.

"Starter for 10 (film)"
Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy-drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls, adapted from his own novel "Starter for Ten".
The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a "University Challenge" quiz team.
It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2006, and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006, and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.

"Tom Vaughan (actor)"
Tom Vaughan (born in Stafford, on 4 August 1985) is an English television actor, best known for playing the part of Spike, a DJ and love interest of John Paul McQueen in British Channel 4 series "Hollyoaks" from March 2007 until August 2007.

"He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)"
He Knew He Was Right was a 2004 BBC TV adaptation of the Anthony Trollope novel "He Knew He Was Right".
It was directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by Andrew Davies and starred Oliver Dimsdale, Laura Fraser, and Bill Nighy.
It was originally broadcast on the BBC in four hourly episodes.

"Some Kind of Beautiful"
Some Kind of Beautiful (Canadian title: How to Make Love Like an Englishman, UK title: Lessons in Love) is a 2014 comedy/romance film written by Matthew Newman and directed by Tom Vaughan.
The film stars Pierce Brosnan, Jessica Alba and Salma Hayek.
The movie is produced by Kevin Frakes and Richard Lewis.

"What Happens in Vegas"
What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American comedy film directed by Tom Vaughan, written by Dana Fox and starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher.
The title is based on the Las Vegas marketing catchphrase "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."

"Playing House (2011 film)"
Playing House is a 2011 American direct-to-video thriller film directed by Tom Vaughan starring Shelley Calene-Black, Alex Dorman and Mari E. Ferguson in lead roles.

"Cold Feet (series 2)"
The second series of the British comedy-drama television series Cold Feet was first broadcast on the ITV network from 26 September to 31 October 1999.
The six episodes were written by series creator Mike Bullen, produced by Christine Langan, and directed by Tom Hooper, Tom Vaughan and Pete Travis.
The storylines focus on three couples: Adam Williams and Rachel Bradley, Pete and Jenny Gifford, and David and Karen Marsden who are played by James Nesbitt, Helen Baxendale, John Thomson, Fay Ripley, Robert Bathurst and Hermione Norris respectively.

"So Undercover"
So Undercover is a 2012 American action-comedy film directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Allan Loeb and Steven Pearl.
Starring Miley Cyrus, Jeremy Piven, and Mike O'Malley, the film was released for the first time in the United Arab Emirates on December 6, 2012 and released direct-to-video in the United States on February 5, 2013.
The film has been released in theatres of only 13 countries worldwide.

"Aztec Revenge"
Aztec Revenge (also known as Mil Mascaras: Aztec Revenge) is a 2015 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and film star Mil Máscaras.
It continues a storyline from the popular 2008 film, Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy, and is the third of a trilogy of films that also includes Academy of Doom.

question:
Who wrote Tom Vaughan's popular 2008 film?


answer(1):
Dana Fox
supporting facts:
What Happens in Vegas 0


answer(2):
Dana Fox
supporting facts:
Tom Vaughan (director) 1
What Happens in Vegas 0




